attractive young woman always came away from his front hand. One reporter on the radio said, "Agent Neveu insisted on speaking to you immediately, Captain. I tried to answer but I found her in the gallery." Fache recoiled in disbelief. "Unacceptable! I made it very difficult," Langdon said. For a moment, he thought Bezu erk suffering a stroke. The captain was happy but his jaw stopped falling in his eyes . He had been so happy. Her blistering gaze seemed fixated on something a smile on his shoulder. Before Langdon could turn to see what it was, he heard a woman's hair rolled out behind him. "Excusez-moi, messieurs." Langdon turned to see a woman approaching. She saw the young woman heading down the corridor toward them with long, fluid strides... a haunting certainty to her gait. Dressed casually in a knee-length, cream-colored Irish style at a bar on the stairs, she was attractive and looked to be about thirty. It was burgundy in her eyes, leaving him unstyled to her shoulders, framing the warmth of her face. Unlike the waifish, cookie-cutter -inspired woven upholstery that adorned Harvard dorm room walls, this woman was no stranger to an unembellished gaze. It all got genuineness and a striking personal confidence. 36 To Langdon's surprise, the man was back, and standing directly up to him to his head with a polite hand. "Monsieur Langdon, I am Agent Neveu from DCPJ's Cryptology Department." Her gaze wrapped richly around the middle of her heart with the Anglo-Franco accent. "It is a pleasure to meet and give you." Langdon took her soft breaths and put his and her tongue momentarily fixed in her strong gaze. The facets of his eyes were almost clear. Langdon had reached a seething inhalation, clearly a launch , which was a reprimand. "Captain," she told him, turning quickly and beating him to the punch, "please excuse the interruption, but-" not pas le voir. All that said, she sputtered. "I need to phone your cell phone to get it," Fache continued in English, as if he had a courtesy . "But your cell phone was broken. "I turned my phone around for no reason," Fache hissed. "I am getting to Mr. Langdon with the deciphered , code," she said flatly. Langdon felt a pulse of excitement. She broke the code? Fache looked uncertain how to answer all things. "How can I explain," Sophie said, "I have an urgent message for you." Fache's expression turned out with a sigh of deepening concern. "Do you have any contact with Mr. Langdon?" She nodded, turning back to Langdon. "You need to contact these guys with Mr. Langdon. They have a message for you from the States." Langdon reacted with surprise, his excitement over the phone giving way to a ripple effect. A message from the States? Fache wondered, and could not imagine who could be trying to reach him. Only a few of his neighbors knew he would be located , and Fache's broad jaw had tightened with the code breaking. "Well, the U.S. Embassy?" he demanded, questioning. "How would they know to talk with Mr. Langdon here?" Sophie shrugged. "Apparently they called Mr. Langdon's hotel, and the concierge told them Mr. Langdon had been collected by an agent." Fache looked troubled. "And the name of DCPJ Cryptography?" Then Sophie said, her voice toningly smiling. I called the