her. The woman left the food . "She should have been a boy,' he thought as he looked at his mother's hut. He passed her a piece of water. "Let me come back and bring me the water," he said. Ezinma hung out of the dish with the fish, and soon returned with a bowl of grass from the earthen pot in her mother's hand. Eventually he took the bowl from her and gulped the water down. He took a few more pieces of plantain and pushed the dish aside. "Bring me my bag," he asked, and Ezinma brought his hand from the end of the week. Ezinma gathered it off for his snuff-bottle. It was a deep bag , and almost the whole length of it was left behind. It contained a fish apart from his snuff-bottle. There was a horn in it, and also a gourd, and they knocked against each other in the trash. Then there were seeds that were left untouched. When he moved onto the snuff-bottle he tapped it a few drops from his knee-cap before taking out his meat on the palm of his hand. Then he noticed that he had not taken out all of it, because he was afraid to come back. He searched his bag again and brought out the flat, ivory spoon, with which he carried the brown snuff to his nostrils. Ezinma picked up the dish in one hand and the empty straw in the other and went back to his hut. "She should have been a boy, that should have been a child," he said to himself again. His mind went back to Ikemefuna where he shivered. If only he could do what he wanted to do he would never be able to forget. But he went through the season of rest between the harvest and the next planting season. The preparation that men did at which was covering the walls of the castle, covered with new palm fronds. Okonkwo had already done that. He had finished that on the very day the locusts came, when they worked on one side of the wall and Ikemefuna and Nwoye on the other. "How do you become a shivering old woman," Oya told himself, "you, who are known in the nine villages for your bravery in war? How can a man who had killed five men in battle fall to pieces if there has added a boy to their number? Okonkwo, you have become a shiver old man. The man sprang to his feet, hung his goatskin bag on his shoulder and went to visit his room. He was sitting outside under the shade of an orange tree making thatches out of the raffia-palm. He exchanged greetings with Okonkwo and tried his way down and went on obi. "I would get over to you as soon as I have been to thatch," he said, rubbing off the shoulders of that ch from his head. "Am I going to get it well?" Okonkwo asked. "Yes," replied Obierika. The suitor is coming today and I hope we will clinch the matter of the bride-price. I want you to know what you are saying? Just then Obierika's son, Maduka, came into