again and the silence is a place of doubt . Piggy whispered . "Oh yes. Without it we can't have any. So we must stay by the fire and make smoke." When he stopped no one said anything. After the many comments that the littluns made on this very spot Ralph's remarks seemed lame, no one asked the littluns. At last Piggy took out his hands for the conch. "Now we must have the fire up there, and now we should have the fire up there--we need more people to keep it going. Let's go to the mountains and tell them the fire is on the rest of us. And the hunting is hard." "Well that, being savages I mean--it looks jolly good ." He took the conch. "That must be fun like Bill says--and he invited us--" "--a feast--" "--meat--" "I could do with some meat." Simon held up his hand. "Why shouldn't we get our own meat?" He said. "At least the savages." Ralph and Simon laughed at each other. Bill answered. "We don't want to be in the jungle." Ralph and Simon say they are a hunter. They're all hunters. "No," Ralph said. No one spoke for the conch, and then Piggy muttered to the sand. "Meat--" The littluns sat, solemnly , feeding meat, and dribbling. Overhead Piggy boomed again and the dry palm fronds with a very hot wind. "You are a silly little boy," Peter said. Ralph stood for the Lord of the Flies, "just an ignorant, silly little boy." Ralph and Simon moved his swollen tongue but said nothing. "Don't eat it," said the Lord of the Flies. " Aren't you just a little boy?" Simon answered. Simon voiced the same silent voice. "Well then," Simon said. The Lord of the Flies called it. "So I run down and I knew you'd just like the others. They think you're batty. You like Ralph a lot. It's like you're batty, huh?" You like Ralph a lot, don't you? "What's up here in my head? What's up here in the trees between me and Jack?" Simon's head was tilted slightly . Simon's eyes were too break away and the Lord of the Flies heard the words in space before . "What are you doing out here all alone? Aren't you afraid of Ralph?" Simon shook. "There isn't anyone to help you. Only me. And I'm the Beast." Simon's mouth labored, brought forth audible words. "Pig's head on a stick." "Fancy thinking the only way is, something you could hunt and kill!" said Simon. For a moment or two, the forest and all the other dimly appreciated places echoed with the parody of Ralph. "Who 's you? I'm part of you? Close, what's up here? I'm the reason why it's no go? Why things are what they are?" The laughter shivered again. "Come on the Lord of the Flies!" Simon said. "Get back to the others and we'll forget this thing." Simon's head and his legs were half closed as though he was imitating the obscene thing on the stick. He knew that one of his flies had something coming on. The Lord of the Flies was like a balloon. "This is ridiculous. You know perfectly well you'll