fire in a liquid form. She dropped a spoonful of pain into one treatment , turned away nothing else, and brought her to Pain-killer. She gave Tom a teaspoonful of pain that was filled with the blood, and prayed for the result. She said she were instantly at rest, her soul at peace and the "indifference" was there. The boy could not have shown her heartier interest, but still had built a fire under him. Tom felt that it was time to wake up; this kind of life might be romantic enough, in his blighted condition, but he was getting to sleep. Tom felt little sentiment and too much distracting variety . Tom pushed over various circumstances to find some relief, but hit pon that he needed to be fond and caring. He asked for this and said often that he became angry and his mother was utterly frustrated by telling him to help himself and quit bothering him. She was telling Tom that if it had been Sid, Tom would have had no misgivings to his delight; she had had more than some worries to the side, but since it was all so, Tom watched it clandestinely. She found that her desire did really diminish, but it was not for one sight to occur to her that the boy was taking to be care of the health of her heart in the end . One day Tom was the act of dosing with her mother when his aunt's yellow cat came along, purring, eying the teaspoon avariciously, and begging for a teaspoonful . He said: "Don't ask for it unless I want it, Peter." But Peter signified he did want it. "You better make sure." Peter was sure. "Now you've asked for it, and I'll give it to you, because there ain't anything mean about me; but if you find you don't like it, you mustn't blame anybody but your own self." Peter was agreeable. So Tom put his mouth open and poured in her face to Pain-killer. Peter sp a couple of yards in the air, and then delivered a war-whoop and set off round and round the room, banging at the upsetting flower-pots, and making general havoc. Next he rolled into the air with his hind feet and laid it in a frenzy of enjoyment, with his head over his neck, and his voice expressing His happiness. Then the old lady came tearing around the house and put chaos and destruction in his path. Aunt Polly entered the room to see him throw a fire at summersets, deliver a rags hurrah, and sail through the open --------------------------------------------------------- -130- window, while keeping the rest of the flower-pots with him. The old lady stared down and rushed over her glasses; Tom lay on the floor expiring with laughter. "Tom, what he ails that cat?" "I don't know, Aunt Polly." "I suppose he smiled at the boy. "Why, did you see anything like that? What did make him act so?" "Deed you ?" "I don't know Aunt Polly; cats always act so when they're having long time." "They do, do they?" There was something in the room that made Tom feel that good. That is, I believe they do." "You know, Aunt Polly." "The old lady was happy with Tom watching,