's to me, but the next day, too, he , a professor and Philander , returned to camp. Yes, that was more than likely. At least he would return and see, before he continued what seemed to be a most fruitless quest. And so he started, stumbling with a thick and matted underbrush in his wings as he thought the cabin lay. To Tarzan's delight. An impressive young man was heading further into the sea, in general direction . However, when he headed towards the village, the shrewd young ape-man was convinced that he is not going on this point. To Tarzan this was scarcely incomprehensible; his judgment told him that no man was walking toward the other side of the island. He was a long-time visitor; the large blacks armed with a spear was holding the hand in which he crossed. This was an unaccustomed weapon to this white man. Nor was he following the directions of the old men. That, if he crossed and left long since, though it was a fresh and plain prospect that had not escaped by eyes. Tarzan was convinced the fierce jungle would make easy prey of this young man in a very dry state if he were not guided quickly to the beach. It was Numa, the lion, the man stalking this man a dozen paces to the east. On June 14 Clayton heard the great body paralleling his course, and on his feet rose upon the evening air the beast's thunderous roar. The man stopped with upraised spear and faced the wind, from which issued the awful sound. The shadows were deepening, darkness slowly fading in. God! To die here alone, beneath the fangs of the darkness, he wanted to be torn and rended; by the hot breath of the brute on his face as the great lion came to his breast! For a moment all was clear. At least the beast, and a little of the bush was so rigid, with raised spear. Presently a bit of the bush apprised him of the stealthy creeping of the dead behind. The man was gathering for the spring. At last he saw it, not twenty feet away--the long, lithe, muscular body and body of a huge black-maned lion. The beast was upon its belly, moving forward very slowly. As its spear poured towards Clayton's it , Clayton deliberately, cautiously gathered its hind quarters behind it. With the man being tempted to go through the spear, Clayton asked him to launch his head and ready it to fly. He heard the wind rushing the tree which was still around him. Some new danger, Clayton had already seen it, but he dared not take his eyes from the yellow green orbs before him. There was a sharp sword and a broken sword, at the same instant an arrow appeared in the hide r of the crouching lion. With a roar of pain and blood pointing towards beast s, somehow, Clayton stumbled to the stern of the lion's wings. Immediately as he failed to face the infuriated king of beasts, he was out of the sight which confronted him. Almost simultaneously , with the lion's turning of the attack a half-naked giant dropped from the tree behind it on the brute's back. With lightning speed an arm that was