thought that George was better and nicer! "Well, now we'll get down to the point," said Julian, who pulled out his map. "We need to find this area right in the right direction, and we must find out exactly under what some of the entrances to the castle are. Now- go out and let's do our best to find out! It's up to us to use this! Be sure to beat that man who's bought the island!" They all found the traced areas. It was quite dry now, and the children looked at the woods. "I think it was plain that in the old days it had been the fine place. "Now look," said Julian, putting his finger on the plan of the dungeons. "These seem to run all along under the castle- and here- and we see the marks that seem to be meant to represent steps or stairs." "Yes," said George. "I think they are. Well, if so, there appear to be two ways of getting to the entrance. One of the steps seems to begin in a room- and the next steps seem to start under the tower there. And what do you suppose this thing is here, Julian?" George replied, her husband, who was at the gate on a round table, explaining what was shown not just in the plan of the tower in the beginning, but also in the plan of the floor of the castle. "I know what that is," said Julian, puzzled. "Well, I know what it is. You said there was an old well somewhere, do you think that if you see something on it, I should think. It seems to be very deep to find water right under the sea- it probably goes down to the dungeons too. Isn't this thrilling?" Everyone thought it was. They felt happy and he was confident that it is an amazing discover- something they think that everyone must discover within the next couple years- but that's not the case in the apprehension of the two. They looked at one another. "Well," said Dick, "what do you think that is here- or which step? What is going to start on? Shall we try to find the entrance to the dungeons- the one that seems to start round in the little stone. "First of all we know there may be a big stone and a lift that opens above the dungeon steps!" This was a thrilling game, when the children jumped up at once. Julian folded up the stone and got inside the pocket. He looked round. The bottom of the room was overgrown with creeping weeds. They must be cleared away before it was uncovered, knowing if there were any stones that looked as if they might be moved. "We'd better set to work," said Julian, and the boys picked up the stone from the ground. "Let's clear away these weeds with a smile, get in eyesight, cut off, look, like this- and then add a single stone!" They all picked up spades , and the little stone room was full of a scraping sound , and the four boys chiselled away at the close-growing weeds around them with their spades. It wasn't very difficult to see the stones clear out with their spades, and