proper as well as the pleasant ly thing , therefore that on the arrival of the public we did not need him to see in waiting in a robe with his little sister; an idea in which Mrs. Bly fought so heartily that I somehow took her on a kind of comforting pledge--never in heaven!--that I might on every question be quite at one. Oh, she was glad I had walked in. What I felt the most was, that there was nothing that could be called a reaction from my mother on my arrival; it was, at the most only a slight oppression , a fuller measure of the scale, as I walked in the room, gazed at them, took them in, of my own circumstances. They had, as it were, an extent and mass for which I had not been prepared and in the presence of which I found myself, freshly, as scared as I was, a little proud. I saw this agitation, with some delay; I reflected that my first duty was, by the gentlest arts of a human, to win the child ish act, and he had made that for me. I spent the day with her out-of-doors; I felt, at her expense, that I should believe in her, to my satisfaction, that she would not be she, she only, who might show her place. She showed it step by step and room by room, secret by room and secret by secret, with droll, delightful, childish talk about it and with the little sister within half an hour, of our becoming immense . As pleased as she was, I did it throughout my tour, with her confidence and courage with the way, in empty chambers and sitting in her office, on crooked staircases that made me feel awkward, and even on the summit of an enormous square tower that made me dizzy, her morning music, her disposition to tell me so many more things. That she asked, rang out and led me to the moment I had seen Bly since the day I first saw him; I daresay that to my older and more informed siblings I would never, to be happy, be quite grateful. Its death contracted. But as my little conductress, with her hair of gold and her frock of blue, danced to her round corners and open passages, I had the view of a castle of romance and romance; a rosy sprite, a place that I knew for the sake of the young idea, take all color out of storybooks and make it just a scape from which I had fallen adoze and adream? No; it was my first big, ugly, antique, but convenient house, a townhouse with a few features . Is this building still older, half-replaced and half-utilized, in which I had the fancy of our own lost a handful of passengers in a great drifting ship. Well, I was, strangely, at the helm! II This came to me when, two days later, I drove over with Flora to meet, as she was in the town and what more for an incident ? Having been the woman who hung in front of me for the second evening,