them in spring. Oh, can you just imagine you talking about them? It actually takes away my breath. "No, it Violet Vale. Diana says she never saw the beat of me for it, nor even of her names . It's nice to look at something, isn't it. "No, Diana named the Birch Path. She wanted to, so it hurt her; but I'm sure I could have found something more of that than just the plain Birch Path. Anybody can think of something like that. But the Birch Path is one of the prettiest people in the world, Marilla." It might even be like none other people besides Anne Bell when they stumbled on it. She ran a little down the path, winding down over a mountain, straight through Mr. Bell's woods, where the path was so rounded and narrow that most of the way through so many trees that were as flawless as the heart of a diamond. It was fringed in all its length with slim young birches, white stemmed and lissom boughed; ferns and starflowers and slicing grass and scarlet tufts of pigeonberries all along the way to the trees. As always there was a delightful spiciness in the air and music of bird calls and the murmur and laugh of wood winds in the trees overhead. And then you might see a rabbit in the road if you were quiet-which, with the Diana, was once in a blue moon. Down in the road, the path came out to the back and then it was just a spruce hill to the school. The Avonlea school house was a whitewashed building, low in the front and wide in the windows, and had a long, hard and beautiful life with comfortable building windows and doors that opened and shut, and carved all over their heads. The park house was lined with all the initials , which were dedicated to the family of three generations of school children. The schoolhouse came back down the road and it was a dusky ash in the grass and a brook where the children put their bottles of milk in the morning to keep cool and sweet until dinner hour. Marilla had seen Anne come to school on the first day of September with secret misgivings. Anne is an odd girl. How would she get over the other days on earth would she ever want to hold her tongue open for hours? Things shifted faster than I feared, however. Anne came home that evening in his family's home. "I think she would get to like school ," Marilla announced. "I don't think much of the master, through. He's all the time curling his hands" And making eyes at Prissy Andrews. Prissy is grown to know. She's sixteen and she's studying for a Masters examination into history at Queens School next year. Sam says there is DEAD GONE in the family. She's got a beautiful complexion and curly brown hair . She does it up so elegantly. She is in the long seat at the back and we see she's there, too, most of the time-to explain her lessons, he says. But Ruby Gillis says