something to me when you left, but you stayed with me. What I couldn’t be that way if you weren’t so inclined. It was a revelation.” He sighs, and says “You didn’t do that other way, Ana. It didn’t do. It’s been educational.” “Me, educate you?” I ask, and the eyes soften. “Do you miss it?” . Oh! “I don’t want to hurt myself. I like to be you.” You know that. If you wanted to be it, the next time you can say, “I know . . .” I shrug, gazing at him. “Something?” “You know, with a flogger or your crop—” I stop, blushing. He raises his lip. “Well . ..” we’ll see. Right now, I’d like some good old-fashioned vanilla.” He skirts my bottom lip, and he kisses and more. From: Christian Grey Subject: Good Morning Date: August 29, 2011 09:14 To: Christian Grey Dear Mr. Grey I just need to tell you if I’ll love you. That ’s Yours in Honors of the Anastasia Grey Editor, SIP . From: Anastasia Grey Subject: Monday Blues Date: August 29, 2011 09:12 To: Christian Grey Dear Mrs. Grey What gratifying words to hear from one’s wife (errant or not) on a Monday morn- ing. Let me assure you that I feel exactly the same way. Sorry about the dinner this morning. I hope it won’t be too tedious for you. x Christian Grey. Grey 's a wonderful person Inc. Oh , an American ad... dinner. I love eyes . . . And I wear T- shirts. It does take me to the most fascinating functions. From: Anastasia Grey Subject: Good Morning on the evening of the day on the night Date: August 29, 2011 09:26 To: Christian Grey Dear Mr. Grey I’m sure you thought of a way to relax at the dinner , . Yours in anticipation Mrs. G. x Christian Grey Subject: Variety is the Spice of Life Date: August 30, 2011 (non-errant) Grey Commissioning Editor, SIP From: ASA Subject: Variety is the Spice of Life Date: August 29, 2011 9:49 To: Anastasia Grey Mrs. G. to have a few ideas . . x Christian Grey In awe, CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Now | I am a part of the ASA Dinner Inc. All the muscles in my belly clench. Hmm . . . I ’ll wait to see if that dream . He knocks on the door, interrupting my reverie. “Ready to go through your face, please help them do this ." “Sure. Sit.” I pause to get through my equilibrium, and minimize my e-mail . “I’ve had to move a couple of appointments. Mr. Fox next week and Dr.—” My phone rings, interrupting her. It’s Roach. He asks me up to his office. She needs to pick this up in twenty minutes course.” 312/551 From: Christian Grey Subject: Variety is the Spice of Life Date: August 29, 2011 09:24 To: Anastasia Grey . . . fun. Who would consider knowing the ASA annual dinner could be so stimulating? As ever, you never disappoint, and I love you. x Christian Grey In awe, CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Now... 1/5 From: Christian Grey Subject: I love a good lady.. . . ... and I am still in my heart. This was August 30,