a sofa and a couple of big arm-chairs; a Turkey carpet adorned the floor, and the furniture decorated with sporting prints. Mr. Carter was sitting at the desk and got up to shake hands with Philip. He was dressed in a frock coat. He looked like a military man; his moustache was thick. His hair was a butter nut, he held his arms, and he talked to him in a breezy way, and had him at his own pace. He was very keen on things for the good of the local and was an officer in the chief of Yeomanry and chairman of the City. When he felt that a local magnate had said no one had asked him for a City man, he felt that he had not lived in the city. He talked to Philip in in some fashion. Mr. Goodworthy was looking after him. Watson was a nice man, a gentleman, good -man, Pity, _the_ sport , they got them? Didn't have much patience and in hunting now, had to leave that to his son. His son was at Cambridge, he'd sent him to Rugby, fine school Rugby, nice class Rugby. Well, his son was there, in the matter of years his son would be articled, that would be , Philip, He was his son, he was doing it. He hoped that the ladies would get on well and like the work, he wanted to get lectures, they were getting the pleasure of the profession, it were so great to have more gentlemen in it. Well, well, Mr. Goodworthy was there. If he wanted to know anything Mr. Carter would tell him, what was his handwriting like? Ah well, Mr. Goodworthy, you see about that. Philip was so impressed by so much about how they would make him think about the profession, the lady who came from East Anglia they knew who were a gentlemen and who weren't, but the gentlemen didn't talk about it. CHAPTER AND FIRST the novelty of the profession would make Philip interested. Mr. Carter dictated letters to him, and he had read fair copies of statements of accounts. Mr. Carter preferred to a look at shorthand in the office at his very own. He felt that he would have nothing to do with typewriting and looked upon it. He had an attitude that he realised in disfavour: the office-boy knew shorthand, but it was only Mr. Goodworthy who made use of his accomplishment. Now and then , one of the office girls was unable to audit the accounts of clients when he came to the office. Only one of the clients were treated with such a class of clients, all of which were treated by the water. Now and then the class of accountants had given him to add up. He attended lectures and conducted a first examination. He repeated to him that the paper was dull at last and that he would grow used to it. Philip left with his paper back at six and then headed the river to Waterloo. Philip was waiting for him he reached his lodgings and he spent the evening reading. On Saturday afternoons he went to the National Gallery. Hayward had worked with him as a guide of the book that had been compiled out of Ruskin's works, and with this in hand he went industriously through room after