pretty well, but that ’s there. Now, I can paddle over to town nights, and slink around and pick the area I want. Nothing happened in the place. I was tired, and the first thing I knowed I was asleep. When I set on I didn't know where to turn for it. I set off. I saw that a-plug around, a little scared. I remembered. The river was on a stream that had been deep and miles across. The moon was so bright I could a -tuck into the drift , and I went a-slipping along, black and still, and a-taking, to my left pond, yards out from shore. Every- thing was dead quiet, and it looked late, and SMELT late. That is what I mean -- people understand who are the words to put it . It took a good gap and a stretch, and was just going to unhitch and start when I was asleep to a huge plot of wind in the forest, and I listened. Pretty soon I made it out. It was that sort of a regular thing where a- comes from , and I would look up the wood in rowlocks when I was back to work, and then, I felt like a night. I peeped out through the willow branches, but it looked like it was -- I just thought, but for the other day I couldn't tell how I was in . I kept a-coming, and when I get abreast of me I see there 's one man in it. Think's I, maybe it's pap, though I warn't expecting him. He dropped below me with the sun by the time he came a-swinging up shore in the easy water, and he went by so close I could a reached out the gun and the Well, it WAS pap, sure enough -- and sober, too, by the way of his oars. I wasted no time. For the first minute I was a- spinning down stream soft but quick in the foot of <extra_id_24> I made two mile and a half, and then struck out the rest of the place, or to the middle of the river, because pretty soon I would be passing the ferry landing, and people might see their bodies hail me. I got in and settled into the driftwood, and then laid down in the side of the canoe and sat out to float. I laid there, and had a good rest and a smoke on my pipe, looking away into the sky; not so much smoke in it. It looks bright, when you hear the sun on our horizon — and in the moonshine; I never knowed it before. And how far a body can go from you? On the dark nights! I heard people talking at the ferry land- ing. I heard each one of those things that they heard -- every word of it. One man said about getting towards the bridge, and very early nights , and one said about one of those old ones, he reckoned -- and then he saw him, and he said it was going towards them again, and they laughed again; then they waked up another fellow man to see him, and laughed, but he didn't laugh; he ripped out something