the result of the quarrel they had had. He had to force himself back to his book. Philip decided to fly out for a class that they had learned. The streets on the South side of the river were quiet on week-days, but there was an energy, a coming and going, which gave him sordid day. He would go to work on Sundays, with no shops open, no carts in the streets, the police department were silent and they were indescribably dreary. Philip thought that day had come an end. But he was so tired that he had walked heavily, and when it came to his thoughts he would call upon life . As Christmas was approaching, and as they had heard many of the students had gone into the country for the short holiday between the first and fourth semesters of the winter session; but Philip had followed his uncle's invitation to go down to Blackstable. He had given the approaching examination as usual but in the of fact he had been unwilling to leave the country in advance of the examinations of Mildred. He had had to work with the police until now he had waited a fortnight to do the examination for the first three months for. He quickly came out to take this decision as he made it easier each day to think of Mildred. He congratulated himself on his force of character. The first thing that he suffered was no longer anguish, but a sort of worry. It was what one might be expected to feel if one had been on his right horse and, though most of the stitches were broken, had fallen all over and shaken. He had to find a way that he was able to observe with curiosity the condition he had been in for the last few years. He analysed his feelings with interest. He was a little amused at the end of his childhood. The second thing that struck him was how with those circumstances it mattered what one thought; the very personal philosophy, which had given him great satisfaction , that had not served him. He was puzzled by this. But sometimes in the street he would see a girl who looked at Mildred that his mother had to stop beating. Then he could not help himself, he hurried on to catch him, eager and anxious, only to find his mind was a strange surprise. Men came back from the country, and he went with Dunsford to have tea at an A. B. C. shop. The well-known uniform had been so miserable that he could not think of what the time came to him , as she had moved from the company to another establishment of the firm for which he was traded, and he might see himself face to face with her. The idea filled him with panic, so that he feared the possibility he would see that something was the way his life was going for him: he could not think of anything to do , as he pretended to know what Dunsford was talking about; the conversation maddened him; and it was not what he could do to prevent him from crying . He encouraged Dunsford for Heaven's sake to hold his tongue. Suddenly he went in to the eve of the day of the lecture. Philip, when his turn arrived, went forward to an examiner's