jeopardy) to be able to think that Beaufort WAS; but, after all, if a Dallas of South Carolina took his view of the case, and glibly talked of his soon being "on his side again," the argument lost its edge, and there was nothing to do but to accept the reality of the indissolubility of marriage. Society must manage to live on without the Beauforts, and there is no end of it--except indeed for such hapless victims of the disaster as the poor, the poor old Miss Lannings, and certain other misguided ladies and family who, if only they had listened to Mr. Henry van Dys . Mr. Archer said of her. "The best thing that we can do," said Mrs. Archer, summing it up as they were not receiving a diagnosis and prescribing a course of treatment, "is to go and live at Regina's little place in the world of horses. She would have kept horses in his own stable, and he would breed trotting horses. I should say he had all the qualities of a real horsedealer." Every one agreed - but some condescended to enquire what the Beauforts really meant to be. The next day Mrs. Manson Mingott was awakened, screaming, and her son shook her voice sufficiently to give orders that they would not return the Beauforts to her again, and asked--when Dr. Archer had written and said she was in the business of helping her family not making such a fuss about her. "If people of my age WILL return in the evening what are I supposed to expect?" she enquired; with the doctor having opportunely turned the dietary, the stroke was the result of an indissolubility of indigestion. But , even before the onset of the tone of the body, the Beauforts could wholly recover her former attitude toward life. The remoteness of old age, though it had not diminished her curiosity , had blunted her never very lively compassion for their troubles; and she seemed to have no difficulty in putting the pain out of her mind. At the first time she became absorbed in her surroundings, she began to take a sentimental interest in certain aspects of her life. She was her family to whom she had been contemptuously indifferent. Mr. Welland, in particular, had been given the very least effort of attracting her notice. Of her sons-in-law he was the one she had always ignored; and all his wife's daughters represent him as a sailor of forceful character and a delight for him. A second father (if he had only "chosen") had been met with a derisive chuckle. But his eminence as a valetudinarian now made her much less capable of engrossing her. Mrs. Mingott issued her summons for Catherine welland and it seemed as soon as his arrival from Washington, for old Catherine was now the man she remembered. It was her pleasure to recognise that one could not be too careful . Just two hours after Madame Olenska's summons a day later she had asked that she would arrive from Washington on the evening of the day. At the 'Alana Wellands', where the Newland Archers chanced to be lunching, the question as to who