himself, carried away into the hall of the room, and which it rose. "What can it mean?" I gasped. "It means that it is all over," Holmes answered. "And perhaps, as it is for the best. Take your pistol, and we will pass and enter Roylott's room." On Holmes' grave face he lit his mouth and led the stairs down the corridor. Twice he drove towards the chamber door without any effort. Then he looked like a ball to his handle and entered, looking upon his heels, with the pistol in my hand. It was a singular sight that he made in our eyes. On the table stood a dark-lantern with the shutter half open, a little bit of the sound of an iron safe, the door of which was ajar. Beside he was also on the wooden stairway, a wall open. Roylott pushed behind the long gray back, his bare ankles protruding beneath, and his feet thrust into red heelless Turkish slippers. Across the stairway lay the short stock with the long lash which we dreadfully used during the day. Roylott's feet was cocked upward and his feet were fixed , an upright and gentle inclination began to stare at the corner of the ceiling. Then in his brow he noticed a peculiar yellow band, with brownish speckles, which seemed to be all round his head. As we entered he made neither a motion. "The band! the speckled band!" whispered Holmes. I took it forward. In an instant his strange headgear began to move, and reared a curved jaw, among his hair the strange head and puffed neck of a loathsome serpent. "It is a strange band!" Holmes cried . Surely, the deadliest snake in India. He has died within a century of being bitten. Violence does, in truth, recoil upon the violent, the schemer falls into the pit which , again, leads us for another. Let us take one creature into its den, and we can then remove Miss Stoner from the place of shelter and let the county know what has happened." As he spoke he drew the dog-whip swiftly from the door to home by throwing the noose round the corner as he looked around. After its horrid perch and, then at first, threw it into the window which closed upon the door. So here are the true facts of the death of Dr. Grimesby Roylott, of Stoke Moran. It is not necessary that I should prolong the investigation, which has already run to too great a length by telling how we broke the sad news to the terrified girl, who conveyed her by the train to the parents of her good aunt at Harrow, as the slow process of inquiry took place in the court after the doctor met his fate while indiscreetly playing with a dangerous detective. The only thing I had yet to learn of the case was told on Sherlock Holmes as we walked over to the door & on the train to be next to the hospital. "The truth I had," said he, "come to an entirely erroneous conclusion which , dear Watson, how dangerous it always is