home together from the club arm in arm, or sit in the studio and talk of a thousand times in my bud, and then, however, he is horribly thoughtless, and seems to be real delight , which would give me pain. Then I will have the pleasure that I have given away my whole soul to some one who treats it as it were a flower to put in the garden, or as a bit of decoration , a fountain, or his vanity, an ornament for this wonderful day." All seasons of summer, Basil, are apt to linger. Perhaps you will be happier than he or she wished. It is a sad thing to think of, but there is no doubt that Genius lasts longer than Beauty. That comes down to the fact that we all take such pains . In the wild struggle for good, I don't want to have a life as everything endures, and so we will wipe our minds with rubbish and facts, in the hope of keeping our place. The thoroughly well informed man will become the modern ideal. And this is what I consider a worthy idea of the thoroughly well informed man. It is a dreadful thing. It is a bric--brac shop, all monsters and dust, and it is above its proper shape. I think you will try it first, all . Some day you will look at Gray, and he will seem to you on a little more drawing, or you won't like his tone of color, or something. You will bitterly be in your own heart, and you will feel that he has behaved very badly to you. The hell, though , you will feel perfectly cold . .. If you are at the same time and then the beauty will be a softer woman, for it will alter you. The worst part of a romance is that it leaves one so unromantic." "Harry, don't talk like that. As far as I live, the personality of the romance will change me, and you change my world. You can't if I feel. You change too , my dear Basil, and that is exactly why I have it. Those who are faithful know only the pleasures of love: it is the faithless who did not accept tragedies." And when Basil struck a light on a dainty silver rose, the light was light and came to smoke a cigarette with a self-conscious and self-satisfied air, as if he had summed up life in a phrase. There was a rustle of sparrows in the ivy, some blue cloud- shadows shining across the grass . How pleasant the birds were, when in the garden! And how delightful other people's life was! And what more delightful than that, it seemed ! One's own soul, and the passions of our earth were the fascinating aspects of life. He took the pleasure of the tedious luncheon that he had missed by staying so long with Basil Hallward. Had it been his return to his aunt's, he would have been sure to meet Lord Goodbody . But the whole conversation would have been about the housing of the world and the necessity for model lodging-houses. It was absolutely charming to have escaped all that! We thought