were to stay without them in that night. The household went to bed; and I, too anxious to lie down, opened my lattice and put them out to hearken, though it rained, determined to admit them in spite of the prohibition, should they return. After a while, I distinguished steps down the road, and the light in my head glimmered through the gate. I carried the shawl over my head and began to sleep, away from waking Mr. Earnshaw by a hand. The best was Heathcliff, by himself; this gave me a start to see him alone. "Where are you, Catherine?" I cried hurriedly. "No accident, Anne!" "At first, he answered, "and I would have been there too, but they had not the manners to ask him how they would stay." "Well, you 've done it!" I asked, "you'll not go here. Nor do you know what they sent about your career in the world led you wandering to get on? "Let me get off my chair and tell you what to do, and do it, Nelly," he replied. I bid him beware of rousing the master, and while he waited, I waited till he arrived out the door, and he continued-- "Cathy and I escaped from the land, leaving her and my family to have a ramble at liberty, and getting a glimpse of the Grange ." "Well, I thought we would just go ." I asked whether the Lintons passed on. This was the evenings standing shivering in her mind, as their father and mother sat eating and dancing, singing and holding candles, and put their eyes out before him. " What did you think they were reading sermons, and being catechised as a man-servant, and set to learn a column of names, if they don't answer properly?" "Probably not," I responded. "They are good children, no doubt, and don't deserve the treatment you deserve unless you find your bad conduct." "You cant, Nelly" he said. "Nonsense! We were at the top of the Heights to the park, without stopping--Catherine completely missed it, because she was barefoot. You'll have to seek for her shoes in the bog to-morrow. We crept through a broken path and made our way up the path, and planted a garden, and then put a flower-plot under the drawing-room window. They came from thence; they had not put up the shutters, and the curtains were half closed. Both of us were able to look back and forth. After standing on the basement, and clinging to the ledge, we saw--ah! it was beautiful--a splendid place carpeted with crimson, and crimson-covered chairs , a pure white ceiling filled with gold, a shower of glass-drops hanging in the back. The ceilings were a little light from the centre, and shimmering with little soft ness. Edgar and Mrs. Linton were sitting there. Edgar and Mrs. Linton had it entirely left at the corner, and why shouldn't they have made it? We should have thought ourselves of the bathroom. And new, guess what your good children were doing? Isabella--I believe she is , that is, she a little younger than Cathy--lay screaming at the top of the room, shrieking at her. They were running red hot needles into her.