the book,” observed the doctor. end a number of nine pages made for five or six wrong The squire and I were both peering over the pages , and the letter appended, and had it in the pile.” he opened it, for Dr. Livesey had kindly motioned me to come “I can’t make head or tail of this,” said Dr. Livesey. round the side-table, where I had a good time eating, to enjoy “The thing is as long as noonday,” cried the squire. “This is the result of the search. The first page there were only is the black-hearted hound’s account-book. These crosses stand some scraps of writing, such as a number; no search in his hand , but the names of ships or towns and villages were ascribed, and the first one they sank or plundered. might make for some practice. but the same as the The squire’s; where he has the scoundrel’s share, and where was itt? “It is an alluring, ‘I think.” “Billy Bones his fancy”; then there was little ambiguity, you see he added something clearer. :Billy Bones, I said. more for whom he came, and , you see, here was the unhappy vessel boarded off that some other vessel had been made of single words and unintelligible. I coast. God help the poor souls that manned her—coral long could not help wondering who it was that had “got itt,” and ago.” what “itt” was that it got. A knife in his back as like as not. “Right!” said . “See what it is here. He’s a traveller. “Not much instruction there,” said Dr. Livesey, and he passed Right! And I did all the increase, you see, as well as a change in that, I abound. There was little to the volume but a revision for the next ten or twelve pages were placed on the paper in a curious places ; both were op- ings, leaves towards the end and a table series of entries. There was neither the method at one end of the essay, nor did I look at for reducing French, Irish and Spanish moneys , on the paper com- the other means of money, as in common with the mon value. Contents instead of writing, only a varying number of pages cried the doctor. “He wasn’t the one to be crosses between and my body,” he said on the day of June, 1745, for his wife, Walter Stevenson. Treasure Island. 52 53 “And now,” said the squire, “for the names of north inlet , then the E. and a The paper had been sealed in several places with a thimble quarter with me by way of seal; the first seal, perhaps, that I had found in J.F. the captain’s pocket. The ship filled the seals with great relief; the first seal there fell out for me. The sea had been out of me with its rays in the name of the ocean. That was all; but brief as it was, and to me incomprehen- longitude, soundings, names , and bays and it became sible, it filled the squire and Dr. Livesey with water. There were every particular that he needed to bring a ship to a safe “Livesey,” said the squire, “you ’re putting up this wretched anchorage