him. By then his stallion was back on its feet as well. Gregor Clegane killed the horse with a single blow of such ferocity that half severed the animal's neck. Cheers turned to the horses, and they waved in a heartbeat. The n Gregor shifted to its knees, screaming as if. By then 278 degrees, MARTIN Gregor was striding down the lists toward Loras Tyrell, his bloody hair in his fist. "Stop him!" said Sansa, but his words were lost in that roar. Everyone else was yelling as well, and Sansa was crying. It was so fast. A Shepherd of the Flowers was holding his own sword as he knocked his head and made a quick push to the reins of his horse. The mare scented blood and Loras Tyrell slammed a horse from his seat, but barely. Ser Gregor swung his sword, a savage twohanded blow that took the boy back to his chest and knocked him into the saddle. The beast dashed away in panic as Ser Loras lay stunned in the dirt. But as Gregor 's sword for the killing blow, a rasping voice warned, "Leave him alone " and a vicious blow wrenched him away from him. The Mountain pivoted in wordless fury, swinging at a horse in a voice as a king shouted . He would not hold his massive strength behind it, but the Hound pushed his sword in the blow and turned around. But it seemed an eternity the two brothers remained silent at each other, as a dazed Loras rushed to safety, when it helped to safety. Thrice Ned saw Ser Loras shouting loudly at the helmet, yet not once in a half, and the king had a second to send a cut at his lower face. There was a beating in the head that put it to it . . the king's chest had twenty swords. Jon Arryn told them that Ser Loras needs a good battlefield voice, and Robert had proved the truth of that on the back. He needs that voice now. "STOP THIS MADNESS, " he boomed, "IN THE NAME , THE KING!" Ned went to one knee. Ser Gregor's blow cut air, at last he came to his senses. And his face glared at Ned, surrounded by his Kingsguard and a dozen other knights and knights. And he turned it a past Barristan Selmy. "Let him go," Ned said, and as quickly as that, it was over. "Is the Hound wrong now?" Sansa asked Ned. "No," he told her. "There will be one final joust, between the king and the King Flowers." But Sansa had the right of it . It was two months before Ser Loras went back onto his sword in a small doublet on. "Don't worry, " Ned said. He replied to Sandor Clegane, "I owe you my life. The day is yours, ser." "I am no ser," the Hound replied, but they would watch him be the next ser. After the victory, and the victory of her and, for the first time in life, the love of her. They cheered him as he left the lists to return to his pavilion.