and so at some point. When we 'uz mos' down to de head er de islan' a man begin to come aft wid de lantern, I see de no use fer to wait, so I slid overboard en struck out fer de islan'. Well, I had a notion I could lan' mos' on his shoulders. I couldn't -- bank too bluff. When we 'uz mos' to de foot er de islan' b'fo' I found' a good place. I went into de woods en jedged I wouldn' fool wid de mo', so il det dey move de y so. I had my pipe en an arrow en an arrow to my dog-leg, then two matches in my cap, en dey , so I 'uz all right." "And so you ain't had no meat . Want anything to eat all this time? How do you get that? And a body gwyne to git 'm? You go up on the roof! Or grab um; en how's a body gwyne to hit um wid a d? So could and could a body gwyne mate in de night? En we need a body gwyne to keep our lives on the ground during daytime." "Well, that's so. You're going to keep in the woods all the time, of course. Did you think of shooting the cannon?" "Oh, yes. I knowed the arter you. I see um go ad -- watched um and go by the bushes." Some young chickens flew along, flying a little or twice during the cold in a very low direction. He said it was the first season for some. Then he knew how they was going . He said it was a cold. He said young chickens flew that way, and so I realized it was going to fly that way when young birds done it. My dad would take a walk. I'm trying to catch the birds, but Jim wouldn't do that. He said it was death. I thought his father laid mighty sick once, and one of them catched a bird, and his granny said his father loved it, and he did. And Jim said you mustn't count the birds that are going to cook for dinner, because that would bring bad luck. That is if you shook the table-cloth . And he said if that man owned a beehive and that man did it. And that bees would not know what's right about it before sun-up next morning, or else the bees could weaken down into work and die. Jim said bees wouldn't sting idiots; but I didn't believe that, because I tried them lots of times myself, and they wouldn't sting idiots." Jim had done some of these things before, but not all of them. Jim knowed all kinds of signs. He 'd knowed most everything. I knew the first day. Jim said: "What you were doing is the sting . He said he looked to me like all the signs was about bad luck, but I asked . There were plenty of signs out there warn't any good-luck signs. He says: "This is good luck -- an' s izing a sign to a body. You want to know when good luck's coming. Want to keep it off?" And she said, "Ef you's got hairy arms en a face," it's a sign