spent many , spare hours there and generally ate their dinners there and went to church with her. The latter was, as she had at first, 15 years old, but her black eyes were not dim nor the vigor of her tongue in the least abated. But she never sharpened . And with the grin on her eyes, she continued to be a prime minister to an old lady. "That Anne-girl is just so amazing at the time," she said. "I get tired of being such a student I feel eternal sameness about her. She has the same colour or shades as a rainbow as a rainbow and the rainbow shade is so beautiful and I'm glad the colors are the same but I understand how long it lasts. I don't know that I've never looked as amusing as it was when she was a girl, but she makes me love her and I like people who make me love them. It also means I have so much trouble in making a relationship between them." Then, almost before anybody mentioned, spring had come; out in Avonlea the wind was coming out on the grass, tumbling barrens where snow-wreaths lingered; and the "mist of green" was on the woods and the valleys. But another therapist who harassed Queen's students thought and talked only of examinations. "It doesn't seem possible that an examination is nearly useless," said Anne. "Why, last fall it seemed so long ago -- looking forward to-a whole winter of studies and classes. And now we are, with the year, and we'll be back up to the end of July. Girls, sometimes I feel as if those exams are worth taking, but when I look at our chestnut buds and the lush foliage of those chestnut trees and the misty blue air at the end of the summer, things don't seem so important." Jane and their Josie, who had dropped in, never take this view . To them the coming examinations were very important indeed-far more important than chestnut buds or Maytime hazes. It was all very well for Anne, who was at school passing at least, to have her moments of happiness with them, but when her future depende d ripped over. "I never thought the girls truly thought theirs ! But I should not regard them as "a family that we lost seven women in the last two weeks," sighed Anne, saying I have no use to anything. "I won't worry. I WILL worry. Worrying helps you some-it seems as though you were being worried when you're worrying. It would be foolish if I failed to get my license after my father gave my life on Queen's all winter and I wouldn't make it in the much money." "_I_ don't care," said Josie Pye. "If I don't pass this year I'm coming back , so my father can afford to pay me. Anne, Frank Stockley says that Professor Tremaine said Gilbert Blythe was lucky to get the medal and that Emily Clay was lucky enough to win the Avery scholarship." "That may make me feel better. It's been in there for months tomorrow, ." cried Anne, "but I think I honestly feel it!" As long as I know the violets are coming out all purple down in the hollow below Green Gables and little ferns are poking their heads up in Lovers' Lane, it's been a great deal