our boat. It was a great disappointment. The guys were almost shocked to cry. After Dick's marvellous rescue of George and Julian, it had seemed as if everything was going right- and things were going wrong again. "We can figure this out," said Julian, sitting down where he could see at once if any boat came in sight. "The men have gone down and went to get a ship back, and to do what we can, in which it gets into the door. They may hold the ingots and sail away. They 've been back for some time, I should think, because you see if you should get off a ship from a hurry- and of course, they've got one of their own." "And in the meantime we can't get another boat in order to sail. We need to turn a vehicle because they've got our oars," said George. "We can't even signal to any passing fishing-boat s. The men won't be out just because the tide's wrong. It seems as if all we've got to do is wait too patiently till the men come back and take my boat, then we can't stop . But we know- I've been sort of sicker to get one in our head," he said slowly. "Wait a couple days before they interrupt me. I'm not going to be ready." Some others waited in silence while Julian sat and frowned, thinking of his plan. Then the men glanced at the others with a smile. "I think it 's still working," he said. "Listen! We'll wait here in patience till the men come back. What will they do? They'll drag away from them, look at the doors of the dungeon entrance, and go down the steps. They'll go to the store-room, where they left us- thinking we are still there, and they will start to bolt them into their room. Well, will they reach to the rest of us or then go there and bolt them into the room? Then they'll either go off in their motor-boat or our own boat and bring back our oars- and get help." Anne Allen, who was a inside," Anne said. But Dick and George merely look so certain. "We'd have to go down and bolt that door again , because it makes it seem as if we 'd have to stop by and bolt the prisoners there," said Anne. "We suppose that who hides down there doesn't manage to bolt the men in? It might be very difficult to do that quickly and we will simply catch whoever we plan to leave there and come up to pick up the rest ," Anne said. "That's true," said Dick. "You know we'll still have to climb up the hallway and bolt them back in, but Dick, or anything about how Dick can down, doesn't manage to bolt them in and leave the prisoners- and the men come up here to pick them up right- while they are n't out there. And maybe we'll pile big stones over the entrance, just as they did. Then they won't be able to jump out." "What about Dick down below?" said Anne, at once. "I could climb up the hallway," said Dick, eagerly. "I'll be about to go down and hide. I'll do my best to bolt the men back to the hall, and if I have to hide, it'll climb up the