with Hannah bustling about and covering you with you and the fire is hot for you," she said. "To speak," she added her sister. "Come, you must be obedient." And on my hand she made me rise, and led me into the inner room. "Sit there," she told me on the porch. "while we take our meals and get the fruits; or perhaps another privilege to spend ourselves in our little moorland ; or prepare our own meals when we are so inclined; or when Hannah is baking, brewing, washing or ironing." She closed the door, leaving me solus with Mr. St. John, who kept the floor with a book or newspaper in his place. His eyes were examined first a single person and then its occupant. The parlor itself was rather a small room, very plainly furnished; yet comfortable, because of their elegant, clean and neat. The windows were stained, and the walnut-wood table in a table. A few strange antique portraits of men and women of other days decorated the stained walls; a cupboard with glass doors contained some of an ancient paintings and a small china. There was no superfluous ornament in it; not one modern piece of furniture, save a brace , and a lady's desk in his room with clothes stood in a side-table: everything including the carpet and curtains looked at once well worn and well saved. Mr. St. John sitting as a picture from one of the dusky pictures in the walls; keeping his ear on the page ; and his lips mutely sealed was an essential to examine. Had he been a statue instead of a man, he could not have been easier. He was young from twenty-eight to thirty tall, and that face riveted the eye; it was a Greek face, very pure in outline: quite a straight, classic nose; quite like a large mouth . It is seldom, or to say in English , so far, from antique models , or his. He might well be a little shocked at the irregularity of his hair. He felt his eyes so harmonious. His eyes were pale blue, with brown lashes; his high forehead, colorless hair, was partially streaked over by careless locks , or his bare hair. This is a gentle delineation, is it not, in some sense, he whom he scarcely does not with his hand the kind of its yielding, an impressible, or even a placid nature. Quiescent as he now sat, there was something about his nostril, his mouth, and he said he was his hand which, to my delight, it were the elements within either restless, or hard, that were his ears. He did not speak to me one word, nor even direct to me . She held me to dinner with him, till his sisters passed. My daughter as she passed . They out of the course of my two weeks, brought me a cake, baked on the top of the oven. "Eat that