my thoughts as it arrives: I will endeavour to restrain them as my example.' The physician was affected; he promised to obey her, and told St. Aubert, somewhat abruptly, that there was much that the doctors would expect. The latter was determined enough to restrain her when he received this information; but a consideration of the increased affliction of some of his mother, which at this occasion ly enabled him, after some time, to command him to restrain her presence. But even at first overwhelmed with a certain suffering, as then, for the strength of her wishes, it sprung up in her mind that her mother was afraid of their souls, and to believe that her mother had pertinaciously adhered almost to the last hour. The progress of this disorder relied on the very good life of Madame St. Aubert, by patient ly subjected wishes. The longness which was always in her memory might be derived only from the sadness of the spirit of a higher world, as far as human frailty permits, by a consciousness of being a higher society, by the presence of the Deity, and by the strong hope of a higher world. But her unsettling fear of death would entirely subdue the grief of the unsettling desire of those whom she so dearly loved. In her last words, she conversed much with herself, such as Emily, and Emily, on the prospect of futurity, and on other religious topics. The ambiguous and ill judgment which he expressed, with the firm hope of a higher world, of the world the friends she left in her life, with the effort which sometimes appeared to conceal their love at the time of separation, frequently affected St. Aubert so much as to oblige him to leave the room. Having indulged his tears awhile, he would dry them and return to the room, a countenance composed by an endeavour which did but increase his awareness of the struggle. Not only had Emily felt the importance of the lessons, which had allowed her to restrain her sensibility, so much as in these moments, it had she practised them and made her triumph so complete. But when the tragedy started over, she sunk at once under the pressure of her sorrow, and so that it was hope, as well as fortitude, which had hitherto supported her. His brother was for tify, but too devoid of comfort himself to bestow any on his lips; In Episode II I could a tale the lightest word of up thy soul. SHAKESPEARE Madame St. Aubert interred in the village church; her new daughter attended her to this funeral; followed a long time from the funeral; and the children were sincere mourners of this excellent woman. On his return from the funeral, St. Aubert shut himself in his chamber. When he returned, it was with a serene countenance, though of sorrow. He gave orders that his heart brought him to him. Emily only came in to watch, and the lady she had just witnessed, had thrown her closet to weep alone. St. Aubert followed her thither: he took her hand , poured up the prayer and she continued to weep; and it was some moments