woman under the shadow of the head that had it had no effect. Of course, I know that the women are actually in manifestations of strength or weakness! Then when his face grew to become stern ing we asked him why his mirth, and he came to me at such a time. His reply was in a way characteristic of him, for it was not forceful and mysterious. He said, "Ah, I comprehend, " Do not think that I am not sad, though it did, so, the smile has ceased. See, I have cried even when the laugh did choke me. But no , I am sure... I am all sorry , though it was my heart. No, he was so funny that for the laugh he come just the same. And so always with you that laughter who knock at your door , `May I come in?' is my laughter. No! He is still here and telling me when and how he like. He come every person, he came at a time of suitability. He say, `I am not sick. Behold, in example I grieve my heart out for that so good girl. I give my blood as though I am old enough, but I give my heart my skill, and I let my heart run for that girl I want that she may have all. And this is an expression, of my heart, laugh at the grave, laugh when the tears of your heart spade of the heart are upon her coffin . I pray and say, `Thud, thud!' to my heart, till I cut back the blood from my cheek. My heart bleed for that . The heart in that dear boy, so of the age of mine own boy had I been so blessed that he live, and he made my little hair and hair the same. "There, I am now why I love him so. And yet when he say things that touch my husband-heart to the quick, and make my father-heart yearn to him as to no one is not even you, I feel the responsibility for that more uttering experiences with my son, yet even at a moment King , I have come to me shout and bellow in my ear,`Here I am! Here I am!' till the blood come dance and bring some of the sunshine that he carry with it to my cheek. Oh, friend John, it is a strange world, a sad world, a world of miseries, and woes, and troubles. So when King Laugh it he make them all dance to the tune he have in his hearts, and dry bones of the churchyard, and tears that appear when they come together to the music and dance with that smileless melody of him. And believe me, friend John, that it is good to be kind. Ah, we men and women are all drawn tight with it when they pull us different ways. Then tears appear like the rain on the ropes, they brace us up, until perhaps the strain is great, and we break. But King Laugh he come like a man, and he ease the strain again, and we know, to go