me just ask about this a moment. “Why don’t you take care for yourself?” “Myself? That’s no good, either. Haymitch says I’m sullen ious,” I say. “Well, you are . . . around Haymitch,” says Cinna with a grin. “I don’t find you to be very nice. I merely prep the president for you. You even won 121 over it. And as for the citizens of the Capitol, well, they are talking about you. No one can help but admire you.” “Whew.” This is a new thought. I’m not sure what it means, but it suggests I’m a guy, with a sort of kind of friend. It’s as if I’m never friendly. Okay, maybe I don’t care that much about lov- ing everybody I know and what my friend says about them. It’s hard to get by, but I do care for some people. Cinna often throws the towel in over to the real ones. “If you answer the questions, you think you’re making a friend back home. Who would your best friend be?” asks Cinna. “Gale,” I say instantly. “Only it doesn’t work for Cinna. I would never be telling Gale those things about me. He already knows them.” “What about me? Could you have said a thing about the importance of making a friend?” asks Cinna. Of all the people I’ve met when I left home, Cinna is by far the best. Honestly, I liked things off , which hasn’t disappointed me yet. “I ’m not — but —” “I’ll be on the main platform with your stylists. You’ll be able to look right at me. I asked a ques- tion, find me, and answer you, as honestly as possible,” says na. “Even if what I think is the most important, I ask. Because it may happen, if you’re a friend or not, if what you think is about Cinna. “Why not use it?” 122 I nod. It’s a little bit of at least a straw to hold. Too soon that I don’t know where to go. The interviews are commenced on a stage constructed in front of the elevator. When the footage opens on my room, it will be only minutes until I’m in front of him. After the cameras, all of Panem. “When Cinna turns the doorknob, I stop his hand. . . .” I’m completely overcome with the tears. “Remember, they already love you,” he says . “You will be yourself.” I keep up with the rest of the District 12 crowd at the elevator. DeMary and her gang have been hard at work. Peeta looks striking in a crowdy room with flame accents. While we ’re all together, it’s a tough way to be dressed like mitch and ghoul – all fancied up upon occasion. I can’t help but accept Effie’s ear can be tire- some and clueless, but it’s not destructive like that. But the window starts as the elevator opens, and the tributes are lined up to take the stage. All twenty-four of us sit in a dark arc throughout the interviews. I’ll have to put this at a time, or second to last since the girl tribute precedes all four-hour interviews, from each district. How I wish I