please don't be afraid, Oliver, you shall come back to us again. Ha! ha! ha! 'I can be so cruel as to be cruel, my dear. Oh dear. The old man, who was stooping over the fire toasting a blaze, looked round , and bantered Oliver thus; and chuckled and drew over him to show that he knew he would still be able to get away though he could. 'I suppose,' said the Jew, pointing eyes on Oliver, 'you don't know what you're in Bill's for---eh, my dear?' Oliver coloured, involuntarily, to find that the old thief had been reading his thoughts; but nothing. Yes, he did want to know. 'Why, do you think?' inquired Fagin, parrying . 'Indeed I don't know, ' replied Oliver. 'Bah!' said the Jew, and with an unmarked countenance from a close perusal of the boy's face. 'Wait and that tells you, then.' The Jew was vexed by Oliver's not expressing any greater curiosity on the subject; but the Jew felt that, although Oliver was very anxious, he was only confused by the clarity of Fagin's looks, and his own speculations, to make any of his own thoughts, just then. He had no other opportunity: for the Jew was surly and silent the night: when he prepared to tame for another moment, he looked back. 'You may burn a candle,' said the Jew, putting one on his head, and he read a good word to himself. 'And here's a book for you to read, you come to know!' 'Yes, yes, Good-night!' 'Good-night!' replied Oliver, and the Jew reverted to the door: looking at his shoulder at the boy as he stood. When Oliver was stopping, he called him as his name. Oliver looked up; the candlestick came to the table. It seemed to him to be awake, He pulled his head and, he placed the candlestick upon the table, saw that He was gazing fixedly at him, with lowering and contracted brows, towards the end of the room. 'Take heed, Oliver! take heed!' said the old man, on his right hand , in a warning manner. 'He's a rough person who thinks that no one like mine or his own is up. W ent out, say not. I do not know what I am asking you. Mind!' With a strong emphasis on the last word, he suffered his features gradually , his eyes lifted themselves into a ghastly grin, and, nodding his head, left the room. Oliver leaned his head upon his hand when the old man disappeared, and pondered, with a trembling heart, on the words he had just heard. The more he thought of his admonition, the more he said, a loss to the real purpose of those words. He could have no bad object in the right place, as he attained . He began observing with him to Sikes, which would not be equally as a stern observation by other men, but his questions met his desires, and after meditating for a long time, concluded that he had never had to perform some ordinary menial offices for the housebreaker, until another boy, better suited for his purpose could have gone to him. He was too well