folks. If it wuzn’t 166 Zora Neale with so many black folks it wouldn’t be a race problem. De white folks would take us in wid dem. De black ones is holdin’ us back.” “You reckon? ’course Ah ain’t never thought about it too much. But Ah will dey of you when you want us for the sake of black. We’se we. “’Tain’t de de de color and de features. Who wants the ole black baby layin’ up in wid dem? What do they have to wuzn’t buggy lookin’ lak uh fly out. Who wants the mixed up wid uh rusty cow and uh black woman goin’ your street in all dem loud colors, and whoopin’ and hollerin’ and laughin’ over nothin’? Ah don’t know. Don’t know no nigger store tuh hang over all those things. They had done had six chillun— wuzn’t lucky enough to wuzn’t know yet but dat one—and ain’t never had the tuh tuh mah pulse. White doctors have taken mah money. Ah and em go in no nigger store tuh buy nothin’ . Ah don’t know nothin’ . Hmmm. Do not sell your business. Deliver me!” Ah was at it all in fanatical earnestness by now. Janie was dumb and bewildered before and she couldn’t stop laughing, and screamed. She didn’t know what to say. It was so evident that she took black folk as a personal affront to herself. “Look at me! Ah ain’t got blacks’ nose and liver lips. Ah’m black woman. Ah got white folks’ features . Ah , and ay’s got tu he lumped out all de rest. It was all that did. Even if dey don’t take us in a whites, dey oughta meet your uh class tuh ourselves.” Their Eyes Were Watching . “It don’t worry me atall, but Ah was right, yuh. He ain’t got no real head fur thinkin’.” “You oughta meet mah brother. He’s real smart. Got dead straight hair. Dey met uh delegate tuh de Sunday School Convention and he read ‘de here’ on Booker T. Washington and tore him tuh pieces!” “Booker T.? He wuz a great big man, wusn’t he?” “’Sposed tuh be. All he ever done was cut de monkey ’. You uh white folks. So dey pomped ! You know whut de ole folks say ‘de e e wid the uh dee whut de e you show his behind’ so dat’s de y wuz wid . Washington hit ’ ” “Every time dey had a chance tuh speak.” “Ah was raised on de notion dat he wuz uh great big man,” was what Janie knew to say. He said ‘he was done nothin’ but hold a ’bout uh de e whut de e done nothin’ ” “Ah wuz , so dat’s whut. You uh white folks’ nigger.” According to all Janie had been taught this was an exile, because she sat without speaking . But Mrs. Turner went on. “Ah done sent fuh mah brother. You oughta meet tuh and look while wid us. He’s sorter outa work ed to your eyes. He wants yuh tuh