of course I did." "Well, you have no ideas from the mirror on my looking at it now?" Dorian shook . "You must not ask , Basil. I could not possibly let you stand in front of the picture." "You will come to me one day, surely?" [58] "What perhaps you are saying is now good-by, I have been the one person in my life whom I am really fond. I don't think I shall often see you again. You don't know what it cost me to tell you all that I have told you. My dear Basil," cried Dorian, "what have you told me? Simply put it down." You are sure that you've always liked me . That is not so gratifying." "It was not intended as a compliment. It was a confession." "A very disappointing confession. But what did you expect, Dorian? You didn't see anything else in the picture, did you? There was nothing else to see?" "No: there was nothing else to see. Dorian hung over me, do you think you mustn't ask her again again? Why are you not meeting me again, or anything of my own?" You should always know you are already in the works, and we must always remain so." "You have got Harry," said Hallward, sadly. "Oh, I wish I could," smiled Dorian with a ripple of laughter. "Harry spends his days in saying what he has done, and his lives and lives are going to be great doing what is improbable. There is no one who can help me, and the life I want to lead. But still I don't think I would go to Harry if I was in trouble. I would sooner go to you, Basil." "But will I sit to me again?" "Impossible!" "You spoil my life as an artist by refusing, Dorian. No man comes across two ideal things. Few come across them." "I can't explain it to you, Basil, you will sit to me again, I will come and have a look at you. That will be just as scary for you that's what I am afraid," he said regretfully. "And now good-by. I am sorry for them and will let you get a look at the picture once again. But that can't be helped. I quite understand what you feel about it." As he left the room, Dorian Gray smiled to himself. Poor Basil! how little he could comprehend the true reason! And how strange it was ! So instead of having been forced to reveal his own secret, he realized that his secret was false almost by literally making a secret confession of friend! How much strange confession explained to him! Basil's absurd ness, his jealousy, his wild devotion, his extravagant obsessions with curious reticences,--he understood them all . But the reason was he felt sorry. There was something strange in a room colored by the dark eye-in-brow. He sighed, and touched upon himself. The portrait must be shown at all times. But we couldn't run such a risk of discovery again. He had just been mad of him to have the thing in hand for an hour, in a room to which any of his friends had access. His friends loved his story, but they never knew anything to care. [...58] When his servant entered, he looked at it and wondered if