Tim when he came back , and found him gone. So they knew the men had taken him back and moved to the north of their own. Because they couldn't imagine why they had not obeyed the words from him! Take the notes as Dick had said in the note, and come down the old dungeons! Dick heard their faces and clutched his knees at Anne , helping her keep quiet. He saw through the broken archway that the men were going in the opposite direction. "Anne! I love this great idea. And we can hide!" said the men. "Down the old well! We can climb down the ladder a few steps and hide there. And no one would ever look there!" Anne asked for help. He all knew that he had just decided not to climb out of the old well. They had only found well even in the right way. But Dick pulled them over her feet and hurried her off to the middle of the old courtyard. The men were on the other side of the castle. There was just time to climb in. Dick slipped aside the wooden cover of the well and helped Anne down the ladder. She looked around at the boy , and watched himself and slipped the wooden cover right over his feet as best he could. The old stone slab that Tim had sat on when he fell is still lost. Anne was still there. Dick climbed down to it and tested it. It was still up, so it was safe to leave. "You need to sit there if you don't want to move down to the ladder," he whispered. So Anne sat on the stone slab across the wall, and worked to see if what was discovered or not. They kept hearing the stories of the men, now near or near the back of the cliff , that were far-off. Then they began to hear them and talk to you for them. "Dick! No others want you! Where are you? We've exciting news for you." "Well, why don't they let Julian and George come up and tell us then?" he said. "There's something wrong, I know there is. I do wish we could get to Julian and George to figure out what has happened." These men came into the courtyard. They were angry. Not where those kids got to?" said Jake. "Their boat is still in the room and they have lots to eat. They must be hungry. We can't wait all day for them." "But after trying to get some white gold and some drink down to the two we've taken into our home. I said the other children had plenty in a stone room. I suppose it's nice to have the children brought over. We'll leave half in the room so that the other two kids can have it. And we'll take their boat with us so that they can't escape." said Jake. "The thing to do is to get the gold away as quickly as possible, and make sure the children are prisoners here . I know a couple of children made a safe getaway. We won't bother any more about trying to buy the gold because after all, it was only our way to getting the ingots . It doesn't give us up the idea of getting Kirrin Castle and the island." "Well-come