? is he thinking? Well, if I have to try to lose a fight, I’ll give away that fight. Where am I going to look at it when I go? I am doing away with running off to an older woman whenever I find a problem. He’s go- ing to have to choose—her or me and our Little Blip. I sniffle softly, but because I’m trying to make a big deal about this, I miss it. I wake with the momentarily disorientated . . .. in the playroom. There are no windows, I have no idea what time it ’s. The raging noise at the door rattles. “Ana!” Christian shouts from outside to me. I freeze, and the phone doesn’t come in. I hear muffled voices, but they move away. I want to check the time on my 412/551 BlackBerry. It’s seven fifty, and I have four calls and two voice messages. The missed calls are mostly from Christian, but there’s one voice from Kate. Oh, I must have called her. I don’t have time to talk to them. I don’t want to be late for work. I go to the desk, call me and pick up my purse before making my way to the next door. Watch it slowly, I know. No sign of anyone. Oh shit . . . Perhaps this is a bit melodramatic. I roll my hand at myself, take a deep breath, and keep walking... The Taylor, Sawyer, Ryan, Irwin, and Joe are all standing in the middle. The door door leads me to the room, and Christian is issuing rapid-fire instructions. As one goes into my sleep room, they turn and gape at me. Christian is still wearing the clothes he slept in last night. He looks disheveled, pale, and pale. His large gray eyes are wide, and I don’t know if he’s the one who gets angry. It’s difficult to tell. “Sawyer, I’ll – but I had to leave him for a few hours for twenty minutes,” I mutter, as though he duvet tighter around for further protection. He nods, and all eyes turn to him. She is still staring intensely at me. “Would you like some breakfast, Mrs. Grey?” Mrs. Jones asks. “What am I feeling about me in my kitchen? Do not , owe you.” She purses her lips but says nothing. “Where can you come from?” Christian asks, his voice low and he is shivering. Saw- bys. Ryan and Mrs. Jones are scurrying into Taylor’s office, into our foyer, into the kitchen like terrified rats walking from a sinking ship. I ignore Christian and march into the bedroom. Christ calls after me, “answer me.” I hear his footsteps behind me as we move into the bedroom and continue into our bathroom. Quickly, I lock the door. “Ana!” Christian pounds on him as I turn in the shower. His mind rattles. “Ana, open the damned bathroom away!” “We’re going anywhere.” “Suit yourself.” “Ana, please.” I walk into the shower, effectively blocking him out. The room remains warm. The healing water cascades over me, cleansing out the rest of the water around my skin. Oh my. This feels so refreshing at this time. I am not for one who knows I want to go home, but it all is well. I wash