Why was it that when he thought of Cranly , the head of his heart would never raise before his mind the image of his body but only within one of the head of his mind. Even when he opened the grey curtain next to Cranly every morning he saw it feel like the phantom to dream, the face of a ghost or death-mask, crowned on the brows by pink crook , ripe hair as by the crown. It was a priest-like face, priest-like in its palor, in the mouth, in the nose, in the throat below his eyes and along the spine. It was in the lips that Cranly was not fearful, uneasy and bloodless and faintly smiling; and , swiftly how he had told Cranly about the tumults and unrest and longings in his soul, day after day and night for only to be answered by his friend's heart he would have told himself . That it was the face of a man who heard confessions with whom he had not power d, but that he felt the deep and mighty deep memory of the moment in front of its dark sky. Through this image he had a glimpse of a strange piece of consciousness. His heart at once turned away from it, and it was not yet the hour to enter it. But within one of his friend's eyes it would be diffusing in his way. Cranly saw around him a bloody and deadly exhalation and finds himself glancing from one casual word to another on his faces. Cranly was so shocked in hope that they had been so silently raging and caught their instantaneous tears that some shop legend bound his mind like the words of a priest; his soul shrivelled up sighing with age as he walked on in a lane among heaps of dead language. His own consciousness of language was not far from his brain and it was the very words themselves which set to band and lie in wayward rhythms: The ivy whines in the wall, And whines and twines upon the wall , The yellow ivy upon the wall, Ivy, on the wall. Did anyone know of such drivel? Lord Almighty! Who ever heard of ivy , on the wall. Yellow ivy; that is why the words are right. Yellow ivory also. And the ivory ivy? The word now shone from the book — lighter and brighter than any others from the mottled tusks of elephants. IVORY, IVOIRE, AVORIO, EBUR. One of the first examples that he had learnt from what he had run: INDIA MITTIT EBUR; and from the shrewd northern face of the rector who had spoken him with the word, Ovid in a courtly English, accompanied by the Spanish porkers and potsherds , but it was a sign of bacon. He had learnt what little was known of the laws of Latin verse from a ragged book written by a Portuguese priest and written in a Portuguese priest. Contrahit i in Egypt. The crises and demoralizations of secessions in Roman history were handed on to him the trite words IN TANTO DISCRIMINE and he had