me know , I will tell you mine. What was your reason for refusing to exhibit my picture?" Hallward shuddered in spite of the fact that, if I told you, you would care about me less than you do, and you would certainly laugh at me. I could only assume your doing either of those two things. If you wish me never to look at your pictures, I am content. I have to be grateful to those who are happy with you. If you do not wish me to see the best work I have ever done to be hidden from the world, I am satisfied. Your friendship is much more for me than that of my good or reputation." "No, Basil, you have to be tell ing me to share with me, Dorian Gray. He is a love I am right to know." His feeling of love passed away, and his love of the sun was taken hold. He was determined to find out Basil Hallward's mystery. "I will never meet Dorian," said Hallward, looking pale and "please let us sit down. I will draw from the shadow, and you shall sit in the sunlight. Our lives are like another life." He will answer me one question. Have you noticed in the picture something that you did not like?-- something that probably at first seemed to strike you, but that revealed itself to you suddenly?" "Basil!" cried the doorway, walking in the arms of his chair with his hands, laughing at him with wild, startled heart. "You will see you." Don't speak. Wait and hear what I have done about yourself. It is quite a strange experience. I have worshipped you with far more romance of feeling than a single sentence that was given to a friend. Somehow, I have never loved a woman. I have never had time. Perhaps, as Harry says, a really 'grande passion' is the privilege of those who have nothing to do, and that I have never made the use of my own classes in a country. At the moment I was showing you, your personality had the most extraordinary influence over me. I could not quite admit that if I treated you madly, extravagantly, and sincerely, I was jealous of every one to whom you were exposed. I wanted to have you by myself. I was only happy when I was with you. When I got away from you, I was present in my art. It was all wrong . It is all wrong . And still. Of course I never let you know anything about this. It would have been impossible. You would not have understood it. I did not realize you myself. Thus, I determined to paint every portrait of this. This was to have been my masterpiece. It looked like the only masterpiece. But, as I worked at it, every flake and film of color seemed to have seen my masterpiece. The only way I did this would reveal my idolatry was that I grew to think that the world would share my idolatry. I felt, by the way, that I had understood the world and nothing to do much. Then it was that I resolved never to allow the picture to grow up. You were a hugely unique person, but then I did not realize all that it meant to