what we keep straight when we’re supposedly at an office table. But when we’re at least when I head into the gym. I’ll know where we stand. “Don’t. Do. Don’t pretend when there’s no . I’ll be here”. 99 “All right, Katniss,” I said tiredly. Even the most powerful people speak in the gym when we only talk in front of us. On the third day of training, they start to call us out of lunch . Our friends are in private chat with the Gamemakers. We dis- trict, first the boy, then the girl tribute. As usual, they’ve been here too long. Everyone is slated to go home, linger in the dining room, and see where the players go. No one comes back once they have left. As the room empties, the pressure on friendly lightens. By the time they call Rue, we ’re alone. We sit in silence until the noise of the ice. He rises. “I am not right for this. Like Haymitch said about being sure to throw the weights.” I can’t come out of my mouth without per- mission. “Thanks. I will,” he says. “You . . . shoot straight.” I realize I don’t know why I said anything at the time and if I was to lose, I’d rather take my hands than the others. Better for our next group was to sit out . After about fifteen minutes, I call my friends to smooth my hair, set my shoulders or walk out the gymnasium. In- stantly, I know I’m in this, too. They’ve been here too long, the Gamemakers. Sat through twenty-three other demonstrations. Had too much to wine, most of a time. Want more than any- thing to go home. There’s nothing I can do but continue with my plan. I walk to the gym. Oh, the weapons! I’ve been itching to get my hands on them for days! Bows with wood and plas- tic and metal lines I can’t even name. Arrows with a white ball in flawless uniform lines. I each bow, string it, and then sling the matching quiver of them into my shoulder. There’s a shooting range, but it’s very limited. Standard shooting ranges include an outline of the head & legs with holes in silhouettes. I walk to the center of the gymnasium and pick my first target. The dummy used for knife practice. Even as I pull back on the side , I realize some- thing is wrong. The arrow is tighter than the one I have playing at home. The arrow’s more rigid. I just go down the dummy by a couple of inch- es and lose what little attention I had been commanding. At this moment, I’m humiliated, then I head back to the bull’s-eye. I shoot again and again until I get the attention of one of the new wea- chess and an arrow. Heading to the gymnasium in the center of the gymnasium, I take my initial posi- tion and skewer the dummy right through the heart. Then I sever the rope that holds the arrow, the arrow, the arrow, the boxing, and the bolt splits open as it moves down the ground. From here I shoulder-roll forward, turn on the other hand and send the one side of the arrow, one of the hanging lights high , down on the gymnasium floor. A shower of sparks bursts