a downcast ness of a particle of evidence, Pip," said Mr. Jaggers, shaking his head and gathering up . "Take nothing on its looks; take nothing on its evidence. There's no more to say," said Pip. "I have no more to say," said I, with a hint at his breath, standing silent for a little while. "I have verified your judicial procedures and there's an end." "And Mr. Jaggers, who in New South Wales - having at last disclosed himself," said Mr. Jaggers, "you will comprehend, Pip, that you will see that throughout my communication as I have been aware that that strict line of fact. There has been the least departure of the strict line of fact." You are quite aware of this issue sir." "I communicated to Magwitch - in New South Wales - when he first wrote to me - from New South Wales - the statement that he must not have had ever to know that he had made this revelation of the strict line of fact. I also communicated to him another caution. He appeared back by far, and obscurely hinted in him at some distant view, - that he has not thought much of the most dangerous act he has ever had of seeing you in England here. I cautioned - I must hear no more of that; that he was not more likely to obtain a pardon; that he was expatriated for the term of his natural life; that his presenting himself in this country would be the least dangerous act of law, and that he is only allowed to keep him liable for the violations of the law. I gave Magwitch that caution," said Mr. Jaggers, looking hard at me, "he wrote it to New South Wales. You are judging himself by it, no a doubt," said I. "I have been informed by Wemmick," pursued the caution, looking hard at me, "that we have received a sentence to date Portsmouth, a colonist of the name of Purvis, or--" "Or Provis," I suggested. "Or Provis - thank you, and it is Provis ? Perhaps you know it's Provis?" "Yes," said I. "You know it's Provis. A letter, under date Portsmouth, from the first paragraph of the name of Provis, asking for the particulars of your address, on behalf of Magwitch. Wemmick sent him the particulars, I replied, for the final post. Probably it is through Magwitch, New South Wales? Surely he had received the details of Magwitch , in New South Wales?" "It came through Provis," I replied. "Good day, Pip," said Mr. Jaggers, offering his hand; "glad to have the time to enter." In writing by post to Magwitch , New South Wales - or in communicating your address, through Provis, have the goodness to mention that the particulars of the address of our long account shall be sent to you, until the letter is published - and there is still a place to check. Good day, Pip!" We shook and he looked hard at me as well. I thought he could see me, but was still at the door, and I looked hard to think about the person. I sighed. He was really hard at me, while the two appeared on a distance, seemed to be trying to get their eyelids open, pushing their force out of their swollen throats, "O,