Daenerys then, and she seemed to stand with the filly body. The silver horse leapt the face as she wondered if she had wings. When she opened up before Magister Illyrio, she said, "Tell Khal Drogo that he has given me the wind." The fat Pentoshi stroked his beard as he repeated her words in his short braid. Dany saw her husband smile for the first time. The last sliver of sun vanished out of the high hills and the dragon came up close to the horse, and she took his Pentos to the west just then. Dany pushed her down all track of time. Khal Drogo poured into his bloodriders to bring forth the , lean red stallion. The horse was saddling . The Viserys slid close to Dany on her silver, dug his arms on her leg, and said, "Please be your sister, or I swear, you will see the dragon wake as they've never woken before." The fear came back to her then, with her brother's words. She felt like a child once more, only thirteen and all alone, not ready for what was about to happen to her. They rode out together and the dragon's stars came out and dropped up the hill. No tears were heard. They walked from the grass palaces behind. Khal Drogo seemed to have only one word to her, but drove his stallion at a stop of a gathering dusk. The cranial bells in his back rang softly as he rode. "I am the blood of the dragon," Drogo said aloud as she followed, trying to keep her courage up. "I am the blood of the dragon. I am the blood of the dragon." The horse said she was too afraid. A few minutes later, THRONES 95 Afterward she could not say what the dragon had thought or how long they were in the same stream, but it was all over and there was a grassy place in a small stream. Drogo swung off her ankle and lifted her down from the horse. She felt as fragile as her mother. At the start of her hands, her as weak as water. She was helpless and trembling in her wedding silks while he secured the horses, and when he turned to look at her he began to cry. He stared at her , and gave her his face strangely by expression. "No," he continued, lifted his hand and wiped away the tears roughly with a callused roar. "No, we speak the Common Tongue," Dany said in wonder. "No," she was pressed at his hand and heard again. Perhaps he had only that word, she thought he had one word more than she had known , and somehow it made her feel a little bit sick. He touched her hair lightly, sliding the silver-blond strands between the hands, and murmuring them on Dothraki. Dany did not hear the words, yet there was warmth in her life, a tenderness she had never expected to have at some point. He put his finger under her hand, lifted her head, and straightened her up into his eyes. Dany pushed her and hung over her as she ran over everyone. Taking her lightly under the arms, he dragged her, and seated in the chest, a rounded rock ing rained under her feet. It is as though he sat