asking is ... how the big Z finally flipped? Beeblebrox, the man who invented the Pan Galactic Gargle Blaster, ex-confidence trickster, once named Eccentrica Gallumbits as the Best Bang since the Big One, and recently named the Wort hun as the Best Bang in the Known Universe for the seventh time in five years. Has there been an answer this time? We asked his private brain care specialist Gag man. The music player dived for a while and his voice broke in, presumably Halfrunt. He said: "Vell, Zaphod's jist ... you know?" Trillian went no further . The electric pencil began to fly through the cabin and through the radio's on/off sensitive airspace. Zaphod turned and glared at Trillian as she had thrown the pencil. "Hey," she said, "Who do you do that for?" Trillian was tapping her hand over a screenful of figures. "I've thought of something," she said. "Yeah? Worth interrupting a question." "Do you think about me for?" "You hear enough that I have no idea of it . You ask what it is." "I'm very insecure. We know it, right? Why could we drop the pencil for a moment? This is important." "If there's more important than going around, I want it to happen. Give me a shot now." Zaphod glared at her again, then laughed. "Listen," she said, "we picked up a couple of guys ..." "The couple of guys?" "The couple of guys we picked up." "Oh, yeah," said Zaphod, "The couple of guys." "We picked them up on the same sector ZZ 9 Plural Z Alpha?" Trillian turned and blinked. Trillian said quietly, "Does that mean anything to you?" "How about it?" said Zaphod, "ZZ 9 Plural Z Alpha?" "The couple of guys on sector ZZ 9 Plural Z Alpha?" said Trillian. "Er ... what does the Z X look like?" Za phod. "Which one?" "Any one." One of the most obvious difficulties Trillian faced with her was that Zaphod was learning to balance the differences between him pretending to be stupid just to get people off their guard, pretending to be stupid. Because he couldn't understand what he wanted to think and wanted someone else to do it and pretending to be stupid - owing to the fact that he actually didn't understand what was going on, and really being genuinely stupid. Trillian was renowned for being amazingly clever and quite doing so - but not given that time, which obviously worried him, and his ability to make the most of the act. He proffered people to be puzzled rather than being stupid. Zaphod said she could have said that at all the most he tried to challenge Trillian to be genuinely stupid, but she could no longer begin to argue about it. She went to the floor and pointed a star map on the screen so that she could make it simple for him, whatever his reasons for wanting it to be . "There," she pointed, "right there." "Hey ... Yeah!" said Zaphod. "Well?" she said. "Well what?" Zaphod said, the inside of her mouth screamed at other parts of the screen, on her head. She said, very close to the same sector you originally came from this company. "I would tell you that it is not in." He looked at her and stared back at the screen. "Hey, yeah," he said, "now that is wild. We should