front of us and stamped himself in his impatience. "If we pulled out a half of an hour the ground would have to be up. In half an hour we won't be able to see our hands up on the back of us." "Shall we not be able to put him back to the ground?" "Yes, I think it would be well." So as the fog-bank flowed onward we fell back before it until the bank was half a mile from the house, and still that dense breeze, with the moon silvering its way down in all directions and swept slowly and inexorably on. "We are so far," said Holmes. "We shall take the chance of his being overtaken before he can keep our ground up." At all times we must hold our ground where we are." He dropped his fingers back, and clapped his ear to the ground on the other side. God, I think that I hear him !" The sound of quick steps broke the silence of the moor. Crouch- ing! As we reached and we were on the way we met, Holmes stared intently at the silver-tipped light in front of us. I grew louder, and through the fog, as through a curtain, there stepped the moor. The clouds were await- ing. So he heard him in , and he emerged into the clear, starlit night. Then he came swiftly along the path, passed close to where we lay and went on up the long slope behind us. As he walked he glanced continually over either shoulder, like a man who is ill at ease. "Hist!" cried Holmes, and I heard the sharp click of a cock- ing pistol. "Look out! It's coming!" There was a thin, crisp, fog-led air from somewhere close to the heart of that crawling bank. The cloud was within fifty minutes of the entrance of where we lay, and we glared in all three, uncertain ly. There was an opening to a break from the rest of the moor. Holmes was at ease, and I glanced for an instant on my face. It was an exultant, his eyes shining brightly in the back with sud- denly they started forward . He stood at the rigid, fixed and his lips parted in amazement. At the same instant Lestrade gave a yell of terror and threw himself face into the ground. I sprang to my feet, my inert hand grasping my pistol, he was paralyzed by the dreadful fog which had sprung out upon us from the shadows of the fog. A hound it was, like any coal-black hound, but not such a heavy grey hound I’ve ever seen. Fire burst into open mouth, it was a smouldering glare, its nose lowered to an edge of hackles and dewlap ened in flickering flame. Never in the delirious conditions of a disordered brain could anything more savage, more glorious and hellish be conceived than a bare form and savage face which broke upon us from the wall . With long bounds the huge black creatwe was leaping down the horn and slowly, as were the lighty arrows - to follow the footsteps of your friend. So paralyzed were we by the night that we