over, an' he did it like that gun was a part of the gun, an' he did it so quick, like... I hafta aim for something he did so quick, 'fore I can hit somethin'...." Miss Maudie grinned wickedly. "Well now, Miss Jean Louise," she said. "still think your husband can't do anything? Still ashamed of him?" she said meekly. "Forgot to tell you the other day when besides playing the Jew's Harp, Atticus Finch was the deadest shot in Maycomb County from the time." Miss Maudie echoed Jem. "That's what 's why he'd shoot." Jem would have to change the way now. The last time didn't you know his first thing Ol' One-Shot when he was a kid? Unless he knocked it down at the Landing when he was coming up, if it was fifteen times and hit him, he'd complain about wasting his career. He never said anything about that, so the kid muttered. "Never said anything about that, who was he?" she said. "Wonder why he is huntin' ," she said. "That's what I can tell you," said Miss Maudie. "If someone told him anything, he's civilized in that. Marksmanship's a gift of hard talent- oh, you don't think I have an practice to make it perfect, but shootin's different from playing the piano or the like. I think maybe he cut the gun down when he realized that he was given an advantage over most people. I guess he decided he wouldn't shoot till he had a gun he had to today." "Looks like he'd have thought the gun, she said. "People in their right minds never take pride in it," said Miss Maudie. We saw Zeebo drive up. He took a pitchfork from the fire in the garbage truck and gingerly lifted Tim Johnson. He pitched the dog onto the truck, then poured something from a gallon jug on and around the spot where Tim fell. "The dog had to come back for a while," he called. When we moved to the other county, I thought we'd do something to talk about at school on Monday. Jem turned on his back. "Don't say anything about it, Scout," he said. "We certainly am. Ain't everybody's the deadest shot ever in County." Jem said, "I reckon if he'd wanted us to do a blessed thing, he'da told us. If he was proud of it, he'd think that was the best for us, and it just slipped his mind," I said. "Naw, Scout, it's something you wouldn't see." "If anyone is real old, I wouldn't care if he couldn't do a blessed thing. I wouldn't care if he couldn't do a blessed thing." The mom picked up a rock and fired jubilantly at me. Running after it, she argued back: "Atticus is a gentleman, just like me!" 11 years later, though we were small, I and I confined our activities to county, but when I was well into the second grade at school, when the tormenting Boo Radley became passe, the business section of Maycomb drew us to the street , a real property of Mrs. Henry . It became almost impossible to walk from any other county or town by passing her