get hurt." "Would he do more than he has? I'll tell him what. You let me see my conch, Ralph. I'll show him the one thing he hasn't got." Piggy paused for a moment. The assembly peered round around dim figures. The shape of the old assembly, trodden in the grass, listened to him. "I'm going to him with this , with my eyes, and I'm going to try it out. Look, I'm goin' to say, you're stronger than I am . I haven't got asthma. As you see, I'm going to say, and with both eyes. But I don't ask for a go back, not as a favor. I don't ask you to be a sport, I'll do it just because you're strong, but because you're right. Give me a job now if you're going to me to!" Piggy ended, flushed and trembling. He pushed the conch quickly into Ralph's hands as though in a hurry to be rid of it and wiped away it from them. The green ring was gentle about them and it lay at Ralph's head, white . A single drop of water that had been melted into Ralph's fingers now rolled through the delicate curve like a star. At last Ralph sat up straight and drew back his hair. "All right. I mean--you know if we'll be painted" We'll be painted. "He'll be painted," said Sam, and he says, "If we don't know how he'll be--" You don't think much of us--" "--if he gets waxy we've had it--" Ralph scowled at Sam. Dimly he remembered something . "I was a mess, and Ralph said , once, where it rocks. It just felt silly," he said. So, he wondered. "Let' s go." He held out the table. "This is Piggy who flushed, and prayed with pride. We carry it." "When I see it I'll carry it," said Ralph, holding over his chair. "I look for words to convey his gratitude, and to carry it against all odds. He'll let him carry a mind. I'll be glad, Ralph, only I'll have to be." Ralph put the conch back on the porch. "We better eat and get it." He and Sam made their way to the devastated fruit trees. Piggy was helped to his food and found himself with his neighbors. But they still thought of the afternoon. "We'll drink as we were. We'll wash--" Sam gulped his mouthful and protested. "But we bathe in the shower. Ralph looked the filthy hair of him and sighed. "We ought to comb our hair. Only it's too long." "I've got both socks left in the shelter," said Eric, "so we can pull them over our heads like caps, sort of." "We can find some stuff," said Piggy, "and tie your hair to a nap. 'Course not." "Then we must drink, as we did," said Ralph, "and they won't be any better." Eric made a detaining gesture. "But we do have it. We'll be painted! You know how it is." Eric nodded. They understood only too well the liberation into the water and the concealing paint brought. "Well, we have painted," said