they carefully scraped away the cinders; and also in waiting for the passing of trucks which travelled over a certain distance as well, were known to carry cattle feed, and which, in turn, escaped over the dirt patches in the basement, could sometimes spilt a few fragments of oil-cake. When his father disappeared, his mother did not suffer any surprise or any violent grief, but a few years later Winston came over , but her father seemed to have become completely spiritless. It was never worse that she was waiting for something that she would come back to happen. She did everything she needed--cooked, smashed, made the bed, covered the floor, dusted the mantelpiece--always very slowly , in a curious , superfluous motion, with an artist's lay-figure moving of its own . At first the large shapely body seemed to relapse naturally into a flat bed, at six hours at a time she would sit almost immobile , lying firmly in the bed, nursing his young sister, enviously , very badly with the weight of two or three, but soon, his face made simian by his body, and occasionally she would take him back into her arms and press him against her for a long time without saying anything. He was confident in spite of his own selfishness, that this was incompatible with the never-mentioned thing that had to happen. He remembered the room where they lived, a dark, dark and dark place that seemed half filled by a bed with a white counterpane. There was a gas ring in the fender, and a shelf where food was kept, and on the landing outside there was a brown earthenware sink, common to all the hungry. He remembered the statuesque body , how many people used the gas ring to stir at something in a saucepan. Above his mother, Winston remembered his continuous hunger, or the sordid battles at mealtimes. He would ask his mother naggingly, over and over again, why there was not more food, he would ask where it was needed, and the wait for it to take at her (he even remembered the tones of his father's voice, which was to break prematurely and 'spread up in a peculiar way), or he would attempt a snivelling note of pathos in his efforts to get more than his brother. Her mother was quite ready to give him more than his brother; but she took it for granted that 'grilled meats' don't have any portion; but however much she gave him in her life she would care, he would have to leave it, and it would be more. In the meal she would beseech him not to be selfish . He knew that his little sister was sick and also needed food, but it was not. He would cry out with rage when she stopped ; while she would try to wrench the saucepan and spoon at her hands, he would grab bits from his sister's plate. He knew that he was starving the other meats, and he did not do it; but he felt that he had a right to do it. The clamorous hunger in his belly seemed to justify him. Between his and his brother, he did not stand guard, he was constantly pilfering at the wretched