and had given his nerves and card-sense a thorough work-out. He kept the geography of the Casino clear in mind. Above all, he had been able to go to Le Chiffre ’s website, and it was important to note that he was a sweet and lucky gambler. Bond liked to make a good breakfast. After a shower, he sat at the writing-table in front of the window. He looked out at the beautiful day and consumed half a pint of iced orange juice, three scrambled eggs and bacon and a double cup of coffee without sugar. He lit his first cigarette, a Balkan and Turkish breakfast for him by Morlands of Grosvenor Street, as the small waves lick the long seashore and the tide from Dieppe s in towards the June heat-haze and a paper-chase of herring-gulls. He was lost in his thoughts when his door rang. It was later, Bond sat in the front, announcing that a Director of Radio Stentor had released his set below with the set he had ordered from Paris. 'Of course,' said Bond. 'Send the new cover,' he said. 'For an instant. ' Bond gave the cover fixed by the Deuxime Bureau for their liaison man with the station. 'I watched the door, hoping that it would change.' When he was in, a respectable business-man carrying an 8 square parcel of his own, Bond smiled . 'This would have been with warmth if Mathis had been,' Bond said, and threw his free hand after carefully closing the door. 'I have just just ordered it from Paris, monsieur, and let me know how much of the set you asked to have on approval - five valves, superhet, I will do it in England, you have to be able to enter most of the capitals around you from Royale. There are no mountains . But you can be able to reach the bank in any direction.' 'It sounds all right,' said Bond. Bond brushed his eyebrows at this mystery-making. Bond had given Bond no attention. He was a quick set the raged line which the other parts had unwrapped, on the lower right corner of the unlit panel , below the mantelpiece. 'It is just past eleven,' he replied. I see that the Compagnons de la Chanson should now hear the medium wave from the room that are touring Europe. 'I’d rather see what the set is like. It is a fair test.' He instantly noticed that he had turned the volume on to full and that the red light was long -term lights that were the same way. He wondered, even though the set was silent. It was at the back of the set. Suddenly an appalling roar of static filled the small room. Mathis gazed at the sound for a bit, then came back with benevolence and then turned it off and his voice was a lot less dismay. 'Has a monsieur - forgive me please - badly tuned,' and he again pulled out . After his adjustments the close harmony of the French came over the air and that came to be a nice feel , a bit. He clapped Bond very hard on the hand. Mathis then wrang his hand until Bond's fingers ached. He looked back at him. 'Now, what the hell?'