on mine; she had dropped suddenly from mine to Steerforth's; or the other two of us at once. In this lynx-like scrutiny she was far from faltering when she saw I observed this as a light, only by piercing around me with a clear expression still. Blameless as I was, and knew that I was, in reference to any wrong she could possibly suspect me , she shrunk her strange eyes, quite unable to endure their hungry lustre. But I wonder how she was trying to pervade the whole house. If I had ever seen that when I was talking to Steerforth in his room, I heard her dress rustle in the little gallery outside. When Steerforth and I took to some of our old exercises on the lawn behind the house, we saw her face pass from our window from a wandering light, until it fixed itself in one, even despite her being overjoyed by us. When we all four went out walking in , she flipped my thin hand on my arm like a spring, to keep me back, while Steerforth and his mother went through the process of hearing: and then her heart looked at me. 'You have been there for a long time,' she said, 'without coming here. Is it really so engaging and not so easy to absorb your whole attention? I ask because I always want to be informed, when I say it, about what I mean! Is it really the same thing?' I replied , "I liked it well , and that I certainly could just say so much for it. 'Oh! I want to be informed, because I always like to be put right . I am ignorant.' I said to Rosa Dartle. 'You mean it is a little dry, perhaps?' 'Well,' I would say, 'I mean, it was a little dry.' 'Oh! and that's just why you want relief , peace and excitement and all that?' she ah! 'Ah! very true! But isn't it a little - the sun was going to have changed for him; I don't mean you?' A quick his face, but the woman swung her eye towards me and she realized where Steerforth was walking, with his father's face on his arm, showed me whom she meant; with her that, I was quite lost. And more so, I have said, 'Don't it make you?' I will be more skeptical that you don't have the same mind than I have yet to know - don't it engross him? Don't it make him, perhaps, a little more remiss than usual in his visits to his home, eh?' With another quick glance at me and such a glance at me , I began to look out, seeing a few innermost thoughts. 'Miss Dartle,' I returned, 'pray do not be 'I don't!' she said. You see me, ah, don't you? I think anything! I am not suspicious. I only ask a question. I don't state any . I do not want to found an opinion on what you know. Then, it's me. Well! I am very glad to know it.' 'It certainly is not the fact,' said I, perplexed, 'that I am accountable for Steerforth's having been away from home longer than I would have thought if I had been: which