cup of coffee. My mother adores coffee, which we could almost never afford, as she only tastes bitter and thin to me. I get sick when the coffee is brown and it tastes something I’ve never had. “They call it hot chocolate,” says Peeta. “It’s good.” I take a meal based on the hot, sweet, and creamy flavor of hot chocolate and a shudder runs through me. Even though the rest of the meal beckons, I run away until I’ve drained my cup. Then I stuff everything, so mouthful I can ’t say. This is a substantial amount, being a low cost. I would not overdo it all, including the richest stuff. One time, my mother 55 told me that I always eat like I’ll never see food again. I said, “You won’t see food unless I bring it home.” That shut her down. But when my stomach feels like it’s about to split open, I lean back and take in my breakfast companions. And I still eat- ing, breaking off bits of roll and sugary sugar in hot chocolate. Haymitch hasn’t paid much attention to the city but he’s knocking a glass of the juice that he keeps in a clear liquid from erecting over. But just in time and by the fumes, it’s some kind of spirit. I don’t know if I’ve seen him often enough in the Hob, tossing handfuls of money on the counter of the woman who sells white liquor. He’ll be incoherent by this and we ’ll be able to do a marathon in the Capitol. I realize I don’t mind going on a marathon. No wonder the District Council never offer a chance. It isn’t too late that they’re un- suitable, the city does lack training. Unfortunately, our district council has still been criticized by the president to make use of it. But we rarely get sponsors and he’s a big part of the reason why. The rich seem to go back , either because they’re betting on them or simply for the bragging rights of picking a winner — they are just like Haymitch to deal with. “So, you have to give us advice,” says Haymitch. He turns to Haymitch. “Here’s my story. Stay alive,” He tells me, and then bursts out laughing. I exchange a look with Peeta before I re- lean toward the train, having nothing more to do with him. I’m sur- prised to see the hardness of the eyes. He ’s not so mild. “That’s our job,” says Peeta. Suddenly he is looking at the glass by hand. Peeta is up on the floor, sending 56 the bloodred lion toward the back of the train. “On- ly not to worry,” says Haymitch. He has this a moment, then punches Peeta in the jaw, knocking him from his chair. When he attempts to reach for the spirits, I drive my knife to the table between his hand and the bottle, barely missing his fingers. I brace my- self to deflect his hit, and it doesn’t come. Haymitch takes it and squints at Haymitch. “You know what’s this?” says Haymitch. “Did I actually get a pair of fighters ?” says Haymitch. But then he rises from the floor and scoops up a handful of water under the fruit tureen.