when my companion answered in a gruff monosyllable at such a start that the lamp nearly broke her . Colonel Stark went towards her, whispered something in her ear, and then, pushing her back into the room from where she had come, he came back towards me again with the lamp in his hand. "'Perhaps you will have the kindness to wait for a room for a few minutes,' said he, throwing the lamp over his window. It was a quiet, little, plainly furnished room, with a table in the centre, on which several German books were compiled. Colonel Stark laid down the lamp on the top of a harmonium beside the door. 'I shall not keep you from standing. It was an instant,' said the woman. Then it vanished into the darkness. "I glanced at the books upon the table, but in spite of my efforts to make them, I could see that two of them were treatises on science, the others being volumes of poetry. Then I walked out of the window, hoping that I might catch some glimpse of the country-side, but an oak tree, barred, was folded across it. It was a wonderfully silent house. I stopped seeing a clock ticking loudly in the passage, and everything went out , and I felt a vague feeling that my arm began to steal over me. Who were these German people, and what were they?? ? "But where was this strange, out-of-the-way town? But where was it in reading?" I was ten miles or so from Eyford, that was the length of the town I knew, but I wondered whether it was the east, or the region I had been in. For that matter, Reading, and possibly other large cities are within that radius, so our towns could not be so secluded, after all. This was quite strange, but with some stillness, that we had to go back there with it. I paced up and down the room, humming a bit, giving my breath to calm my spirits and feeling that I was thoroughly earning my fifty-guinea fee. "Not any preliminary sound in the midst of my utter stillness, the door of my room swung slowly . The woman was standing in the darkest darkness of the hall behind her, the shadow from my lamp beating upon her eager and beautiful face. I could see at her voice , and I was sick , and the sight sent a chill to my own heart. She held up a finger to warn her, to be silent, and she flung a few whispered , broken me and swept me, her eyes glancing back, like the ears of a frightened horse, into the gloom behind her. "'I would go,' I was trying to move off. it seemed to me, to speak calmly; 'I would go. I should not stay . It is no good for you to stop, but I will never leave until my madam,' said I, 'I have never done what you came for. I cannot possibly leave until I have seen the machine.' "'It is all about your time, but I have more of your time to wait,' she said, 'You can pass through the door;