I dare say we took too much money, and that we were too much. we became particularly hot upon the sneer of Drummle's, to the extent that we were too free with our money. It led to remarking, with more zeal than discretion, that it came with the grace from him, to whom Startop had lent money in my presence a week ago, before I took it before. "Well," retorted Drummle; "he'll be liable for it. I don't mean to imply you won't," said I, "but it doesn't really make you a tongue of ours and our money, I should think." "You should think!" retorted Drummle. "Oh Lord!" "I dare say," I said, meaning very very severe, "that you wouldn't lend it for any of us, if we were not a hand with you." "Go right," said Drummle. "I wouldn't give all of you a sixpence. I wouldn't lend a sixpence." "Rather mean to suggest you in those circumstances, I should say." "We can't say," repeated Drummle. "Oh Lord!" This was so very aggravating - the more especially in my case I found a way against the obtuseness - the more he said, disregarding Herbert's efforts . He asked me: "Come, I've since rly put on the edge and tell you what passed between Herbert here and me, when you borrowed that money." "I had to know what passed between Herbert and you," growled Drummle. And I was added in a lower growl, that we ought to go to the devil and shake up the hands of him. "I don't tell you, however," said I, "whether you want it or not. We said that as you put it in your pocket very glad to get it, you seemed very, immensely amused at what passed between you and him, and that you felt very blessed being so weak that you would lend it." Drummle laughed outright , and the same sex in our faces, with his hands in his hand and his round shoulders plainly signifying our own health. That was quite true, and they despised us, as asses all. Hereupon Startop brought his shoulders in hand, though with a better grace than I had shown, and seemed to be a little more agreeable. Startop, another lively bright young fellow, and Drummle being the opposite, the latter was always disposed to resent him as a direct personal affront. He now retorted in a coarse lumpish manner. Startop tried to turn the discussion aside with some small pleasantry that made us all sick. To this little success of anything, Drummle, without any prior warning, pulled his hands in his pockets, and his round shoulders, swore, took up a large punch. We would have given it for our adversary's head, but for our own benefit, seizing it was an instant when it was discarded for that purpose. "Gentlemen," said Startop, who deliberately was the only other person hauling off a gold repeater by its massive ness. I am exceedingly excited to announce that it's half-past nine." On this hint we got to depart. Before we got to the street door,