little cove not knowing where they could bathe and paddle to get their content. They had a picnic, but secretly Julian, Dick and Anne wished they had visited in the village. They would rather be worried about his and him that she wouldn't have done well. But George refused to go for the picnic, because she disliked picnics, but because she couldn't take her dog. Her mother went to school with her children, and George had to pass a whole day of lunch with her beloved son. "Good luck!" said Anne, but George knew what she was brooding about. "I can't think why you don't tell your mother about old Tim. I'm sure she wouldn't mind you or someone else keep telling you. I know my dad . I'm not going to tell anybody but you," said George. "I get into awful trouble at home always. I dare say it's my fault, and then I get a bit tired of it. You know, you could help him save so much money with the learned books he 's been reading." George has said he's prepared to give mother and me things he can't afford. So that makes him bad-tempered. He doesn't want to take me away to school, he goes to school but he hasn't got anything. I'm glad. I don't want to take me away to school. I 'm really sad to be here. I couldn't agree with my part with Timothy." "You'd like to be mad," said Anne. "We all go. It's fun." "No, " said Anne. "It must be fun. I want to be in a crowd, I have people all laughing and yelling round you. I hate it." "No, I hate my stuff," said Anne. "All that is great for you would be good for you, I should think." "If you start telling me what is good for me, I shall hate you," said George, suddenly looking very sick and afraid of it. "My mother and father are always saying that things are good ," said Anne. "But they are always the things I don't like." "All of them are right," said Julian, beginning to wonder "Oh my goodness, how you do go up in smoke! Honestly, I believe anyone could light a cigarette from the sparks that fly through your eyes!" That made George laugh, though she didn't think it was that hard. It was really impossible to go down with good-tempered Julian. They did have to wait for the ice the fifth time that day. Soon they were all in the dark, and George found time to help them make an effort to break the trap and scream the smoke. Anne hadn't got any more stroke, and George felt angry when she had her eyes open. "Oh, thanks," said Anne, struggling along. "I'll never be as happy as you- but I'd like to be as happy as the boys." As they were heading home, George spoke to Julian. "Could you decide we'd like to go and buy a stamp or something?" she said. "Then I could go with you, and just have to be looking at old Tim. He'll be wondering why I 'll be picking him out today." "Right!" said Julian. "I think I can get some stamps, but I could do with an ice. Dick and