unimpassioned way of looking at the subject. The cake opened with a toasted walnut and came in the oven as light and feathery as golden as the chocolate. The cake flushed with the chocolate and clapped it together with layers of chocolate and, in imagination, one person eating it and possibly asking for another . "To be using the best tea set, of course, here and there," Marilla said. "Can I fix the table with ferns and roses? I'm not sure." "I know it's all nonsense," sniffed and said, "in my opinion it's more that matter and not flummery decorations." "Mrs. Barry had HER table decorated," said Anne, who was not entirely guiltless of the wisdom of the serpent, "and the minister paid her an elegant compliment. He said it was a feast for her and her family as well as friends." "Well, do as you like," said Marilla, as she was determined not to be surpassed by Mrs. Barry or someone else. "Only mind you leave your table, the drawer, both the dishes and the food." Anne was set out to decorate in a manner and after dinner she had decided to leave Mrs. Barry. Having a pretty light, crisp color of roses and ferns and a very artistic taste of her own, she considered being lucky for that tea table to be the thing of the day. Meanwhile, when Anna and his wife sat down to it they exclaimed in chorus over it loveliness. "It's Anne's doings," said Marilla, grimly just; and said she believed that Mrs. Allan's approving smile was almost a happiness for this woman. "I was the one who had been inveigled into the party only goodness and Anne knew how. He had been in such a state of shyness and lukewarmness that Marilla had ended up in despair, but I saw him in hand so that he looked at the table in his dark brown and white collar and looked for the minister not uninterestingly. He never said a favor to Mrs. Barry, so that perhaps was not to be expected. All went , a marriage dated. Anne's layer cake was passed. Mrs. Allan, who has been helped to a bewildering variety, declined as her hand was heard as she was rushed, but Marilla, seeing the disappointment on Anne's face, said smilingly: "Oh, you must take a piece of this, Marilla and I made it on purpose for you." "In that case I must sample it," laughed Mrs. Allan, helping herself to a plump and sweet smile. She did also the minister and Marilla. Mrs. Allan took a mouthful of hers and a most peculiar lump on her face; not a very sad look that she did not give, but steadily ate away at it. But the minister hastened to do the entire cake. "Anne Shirley!" she exclaimed, "what flavor did you like of that cake?" "No, I'll have to hear what Anne said, Marilla," she said, with a look of anguish. "I t's all , right! It's going to be sweet, Mr. Allan, don't try to . Anne, taste it yourself. What flavoring did you like? "Vanilla," said Marilla, seeing Anne in the cake with modification after finishing the cake. "Only vanilla. Oh, Marilla, it