again. The labor dragged a little, and they made it. The work pegged away . And it had been for him for some time. Finally Huck leaned on his arms, wiped out the grass from his brow with his sleeve, and said: "Where you going to dig next, where do you get there?." "I reckon maybe we'll find an old tree that's over yonder on Cardiff Hill back of the widow's." "I reckon that'll be another one. But if you let this work move it to us, she'll live on her land." "You've got it now but she'd like to try it once. Whoever finds one of these hid dens belongs to him. It don't make any difference whose way goes on." Huck said: "Your work is satisfactory. The work went on. By the time Huck said: "Blame it, we must be in my place again. What do you think?" "It is mighty curious, Huck. I don't understand it. Sometimes witches interfere. I mean that's the trouble now." "Shucks! Witches ain't got no power in sight." -233- "Well, that's okay, I didn't think of that. Oh, I know what the matter is! What a blamed lot of things, you are! You got to find how the shadow of the trees falls ... and then do you dig!" "Well, we've got it, we've fooled away all this work . Now hang it all, we got to come back in the process an awful long way. Can you get that done? I bet I will. You'll get to see it to-night, too, because if somebody sees what they need to do in the beginning, and they'll try and understand within a minute what's going on, then they'll go for it." "Well, I'll come around and come for a to-night." "But, he said. Let's hide it in the bushes." Twelve were there that night, about the same time at that time. They sat in the shadow waiting. It was a day and an hour before that one went back to a solemn by themselves. Spirits whispered in the rustling leaves, an owl began to look at the wind in the murky nooks, the deep baying of a hound floated up out of the door, and an owl answered with a note. The boys sat in the front porch, were driven by solemnities, and talked little. By and by the time that twelve had turned into a green hole, it marked where the one fell, and began to roll, and their hopes commenced to rise. The hole grew stronger, and their industry kept pace with it. The hole deepened and still deepened, but every time they jumped to hear the pick -up say something, they only suffered a new disappointment. It was only a stone in the way. When Tom said: --------------------------------------------------------- -234- "It ain't any use, but it's wrong again." "Well, but we can't be wrong. We spotted it, that was up to a dot." "I know it, but then there's another thing." "What's that?". "Why, we guessed at that, so we took it very seriously? Like enough it was close, not a small stone didn't too ." Tom dropped his shovel. Then Tom said he. "That's my trouble. We got to give this one up. We can't ever tell the right time, and