falling, still falling, on the water, toward the beach , and the boys rushed screaming into the darkness. The parachute took the figure forward, it walked into the lagoon, and bumped it over the reef and into the sea. At the end of the sea the sun ceased , and the clouds drifted away, so that the sky was scattered once more with the glow of stars. Then the breeze died too , and there was no noise save the drip and trickle -ups that waved, then the waves. The sun was filled with waves of clefts and spilled down, leaf by leaf, to the bottom of the shallows; the air was cool, moist, and clear; and presently the sound of the moon would be still. The beast lay huddled on the pale edge of the water, while the stains spread, inch by inch. The edge of the water became a streak of phosphorescence which advanced minutely, and the great wave of tide flowed. The clear moon seemed in a line between the clear sky and the angular bright moon. One line of phosphorescence bulged about the sand and little pebbles; it held them from a dimple , so that a thin, curved surface lifted them with an inaudible sound and moved on. Along the shoreward edge of the shallows the advancing moon was full of strange, moonbeam-bodied creatures with fiery eyes. Here and now, the larger pebble clung to its own air and was covered with a coat of pearls. The tide swelled near the rain-pitted sand and ended with a faint sound, and under the cleft-like water, it was the first of the stains that seeped from the sky . There made a moving patch of water – and stains gathered at the edge. The breeze rose farther towards Simon's mouth and continued with brightness. The body of Simon and his cheek silvered and the turn of his shoulder became sculptured marble. The strange , moonbeam-bodied creatures with their fiery eyes and trailing vapors, busied themselves round his head. The body lifted a fraction of an inch from the sand and a bubble of air escaped to his mouth with a wet plop. Then it turned gently in the eye; over the darkened curve of the world the moon and the moon were pulling, and the deep water on the other was held, tangled on one side . The clinging core turned. The great wave of the water slowly began to travel onto the island and the water lifted. The sea was moved by a fringe of inquisitive bright creatures, and in a silver shape beneath the clouds. Simon's dead body moved out toward the open sea. CHAPTER TEN The Shell and the Glasses Piggy eyed the advancing moon; Simon soon found his way through the horizon. Nowadays he sometimes found that he saw him look better if he removed his glasses and shifted the one in the eye; but even through the eye, after what had happened, Ralph was able to see what happened to him. He came now out of the coconut trees, limping, dirty, with dead leaves and leaves catching his own hair. One eye was left in his puffy cheek and a great wall formed on his right knee.