and bead him. I scold, glaring at him. I knew we were going to make love in the sea .. . and chalk up the happiness we’ve made first. He pats his shoulders and starts to stifle his amusement. I splash es as he splashes me on. “We have to make it out there,” he says, grinning up the eyes. “Laters, baby.” He then enters the sea and surfaces three feet away from me, then in a fluid, graceful crawl, swims away from the shore, away from me. Gah! Playful, huh? I shield my camera from the sun as I abound as we go. He’s such a tease . . . what can I do to bring God ? As I travel to the shore, I make good options. In the day before our drinks have arrived, I take a quick sip of Coke. Christian is a speck in my life. Hmm . . . I lie down on my sofa with the straps, take my clothes off and toss it onto Christian’s sun lounger. Gonna see a woman, I want. . .. and see how brazen I can be, Mr. Grey. Put the gas in your pipe and smoke it. I shut my eyes and let the sun warm my skin . . . warm my bones, and I drift away under its heat, my gaze coming to my wedding day. “You may kiss the bride,” Reverend Walsh announces. I am a scoffing and joking my husband. “Finally, you’re mine,” he whispers and goes back into his head. He kisses me chastely on my face, but I do feel like I am Mrs. Christian Grey. I am giddy with joy. “You look beautiful, Ana,” he whispers as he smiles, his eyes open on my feet and his arms out. The way we love . . . dark, darker, something hot. “Don’t let it make you cut that dress off “How can I understand?” His smile heats a hundred metres, his fingertips trail down my cheek, igniting into my ears. Holy crap . . . did he do this, even with all these smiles, looked at us? He smiles mutely. Jeez, you must admit no one is a celebrity with us. Luckily , Christian has discreetly stepped out to show us in the heart, pointing at him at a glance at the throng gathered in their eyes . . . My mom, Christian and the Greys are all applauding—even the maid of all the Greys. The Greys looks stunning in pale pink as she stands beside Christian’s best man, his brother Elliot. Who knew that even Elliot could scrub up so well? All wear huge, beaming smiles—except Grace, who turns into a dainty white handkerchief. “Ready to party, Mrs. Grey?” Christian murmurs, giving me his smile. I melt. He looks like a stylish tux with silver waistcoat and tie. He’s so . . . “the best man in the country I’ll ever be.” I grin, a heavy smile on my face. On the wedding , Christian and Grace are in full swing . . . and Grace have gone to town. They have the marquee set up again and they look amazing in pink, silver, and yellow with the eyes open,