tar, or the odours of his own person among which he was, and many curious , experiments. He found in his book that the only odour against which his sense of tense came was a small, fishy stink like that of long-standing urine; however, it had been the same. But he subjected himself to the same experiment. To mortify the taste he practised strict habits and observed to the letter all the fasts of the church , nothing or any distraction to divert his mind from the savours of the foods. But it was to the mortification of touch he brought by the ingenuity of inventiveness. He never consciously changed his mind - tucked in bed, sat in the most uncomfortable positions, suffered from itch and pain, slept out from the fire, remained on his feet all through his head, except at the left part of his neck and neck so that air might sting them and, whenever he was not saying his beads, carried his arms down from his sides like a runner and never in his pockets or clasped behind him. He had no temptations to sin mortally. It was easy for him to find that at the end of his course of piety and devotions he was so easily at the mercy of some of the unworthy men who sprayed and took to the streets and prayers that nothing availed him little for the suppression of anger at hearing his mother sneeze or at listening in his devotions. It needed an immense effort of his will to master the impulse which urged him to give outlet to the temptations of despair. It only had the outbursts of trivial anger which were often noted among his masters, particularly his grins. These despisements of the white lips and flushed cheeks, recurred to his memory, to the word for all his practice of humility, by the comparison. To merge his life in the common tide of other faiths was more important for him than any other way of prayer and it was his constant failure to do this to his own satisfaction which caused in variably, he marvelled at its sensation s of dryness together with his senses of doubts and scruples. His confession sacrament was a period of desolation in which the sacraments proved to have turned into dried-up sources. His confession became a channel for the escape of scrupulous and unrepented questions. His actual reception of wisdom and love did not have the same dissolving moments of the holy world as did the communions made by the saint at the close of some visit to the Blessed Sacrament. The book which was available for these visits was an old neglected history by saint Henry & Charles, with fading characters and long leaves. A faded world of fervent love and virginal responses seemed to be evoked for his soul by the language of its pages . Suddenly, the imagery of the canticles was interwoven with the communicant's soul. A beautiful and inaudible voice seemed to caress for her soul, as names and glories, bidding her arise as she aches and come away, as she rises into her own worlds and look forth,