if I would promise for you to let the matter rest and to be content with your lady's friendship during that long night claiming her love. This I promised, and so the matter rests." So there is one thread the mysteries cleared by is that we wouldn't have touched bottom anywhere in the bog in which we are floundering. We know now why Stapleton looked with disfavour ite a sister's suitor -- and why that was so eligible a one as Sir Henry. And now , come on to another thread which I have extricated out of the tangled skein, the mystery of the sobs in the night, of the tear-stained pigeon at Mrs. Barrymore, of the journey of the butler to the western lattice window. Congratulate me, my dear Holmes, and tell me that I have disappointed you as an agent , but you do have the confi- dence which I am going to tell you, and you sent me down. All these things have by one night's work been thoroughly neglected. As many times we have said "by one evening", in truth, it was by another night's work, for the night, when first we drew entirely blank. I sat up with Sir Henry in his chair nearly three o'clock in the morning, but no sound of any sort did we hear except the light that came upon the stairs. It was a most melancholy vigil and had each of us falling asleep in our chairs. Fortunately , we quickly stepped to the bed and we determined to try again. Rather than sit night we lowered the lamp and made sure it was making the least sound. It was incredible how many hours crawled down the stairs yet we looked through it by the same sort of clock within which the hunter must be with us when he watches the trap into which he hopes we may not be getting a better traction. I looked at Sir Henry's suitor in three days and thought we had almost finished the night because we had for the second time given ourselves the opportunity to live in despair when we remained here. In an instant we both sat bolt upright in our chairs , glancing our weary senses keenly on the alert once more. We had heard the creak of a step in the passage. Very stealthily we had watched it pass along until it rolled towards us in the distance. Then the baronet gently opened his door and we set out straight out in the direction we had been heading toward. The man had gone round the entire room, and we had arrived for a walk and stopped and held the light all in darkness. Softly we stole along untii we had come over the darkness. We were just in time to catch a glimpse of this black-bearded figure, which had been rounded as a walker down the corridor. Then he passed through the same door as before, and the light of the candle framed it in the darkness and shot one single bullet at him across the gloom of the corridor. We shuffled cautiously towards it, trying every plank to get dared to stand with our whole weight upon him. We ’ve wasted most of the time leaving our boots behind us, but, even so, the