that from how long they took, these documents must be collected from the ruins beneath the temple. These documents must be given up and protected forever, so those martyrs would never die. In order to retrieve the documents from within the ruins, the Priory created a military circle of nine knights called the Order of the Poor Knights of Christ and the Temple of Solomon." Langdon paused. "More commonly known in this book, he used the word "The Order of the Knights Templar." Sophie glanced up with a surprised look of recognition. Langdon had believed he was strong enough on the planet to explain why almost any Christians on earth had heard all of these matters and what their lives were to look at it. For academics, the Templars' history was a precarious world where fact, history and misinformation had become so prevalent that uncovering pristine truth was almost impossible. Langdon hesitated even with the topic while lecturing because they led to a barrage of convoluted inquiries into assorted conspiracy theories. 108 Sophie already looked troubled. "You're saying the Knights were building on the Priory of Sion to retrieve a collection of secret documents? I thought the Templars were created to protect the Holy Land. That's quite a common misconception. The mission of the Priory of Sion was that the protection of pilgrims was the guise of which they ran their mission. Their true goal in the Holy Land was to retrieve the documents from beneath the ruins and from beneath the temple." "And what if you know who did find them?" Langdon 's book had not written. "No one knows for sure, but the one thing on which all academics agree is this: The Knights discovered something down within the ruins that made them wealthy and powerful beyond their imagination." Langdon quickly gave Sophie the standard of view of the accepted doctrine of history, explaining how the Knights had served the world during the Second Crusade and told King Baldwin II that they were there to protect Christian pilgrims on its own. Although unpaid and under poverty, Church to let them out, but they told the Knights that they required basic equipment and requested them to take up residence in the stables under the ruins of the temple. King Baldwin granted the permission, but the Knights took up their meager residence inside the devastated shrine. The odd choice of residence, Langdon explained, had been taken over as simple , but random. The rest of the documents the Knights were making at the temple, the holy of the Old Holies, a sacred chamber where God Himself was believed to reside. Literally, the Knights were also part of the Jewish faith. For almost a decade, the nine Knights lived in the Temple, excavating their secrecy through solid rock. Sophie looked over. "And you said they did." "They did," Langdon said, explaining how it had taken nine years, but the Knights had finally discovered the treasure they had been searching for. They took the secretive residence inside the temple and disappeared back into Europe, where their influence seemed to solidify overnight. Nobody was certain whether the Knights had ever been here since the Vatican or not. The Church simply tried to buy it out of silence, but in 1931, Innocent II immediately issued an unprecedented papal bull that afforded