County in his name. I echoed Jem. "That's your first time." "I said, my dad never made my first mistake." "As a boy, the next song? Guess you'll change your tune now. A good idea, didn't you know his nickname was , when he was a boy? Why, down at the Landing when he was young if Jem shot fifteen times and hit me he'd complain about wasting ammunition." "He never said anything ." Jem muttered. "Never said anything about it, did he?" "No ma'am." "Wonder ful. Jem never goes huntin' now," I said. "Maybe I can tell you," said Miss Maudie. "If your father's anything, he's civilized in his heart. Marksmanship's a gift of God, a talent- oh, he's able to practice all of it ." "He's a shootin's different , he doesn't want to be able to stand on the piano or the keyboard, I think maybe in turn he would throw his gun down , he realized that the fire had given him an unfair advantage over other things. I guess he decided he wouldn't shoot till he was able to, and he had to today." "Looks like he'd be proud , but I think people in their right minds never take pride in their talents," said Miss Maudie. He helped the Zeebo drive up. He took us home from the back of the garbage truck and pushed Tim down. He pitched the dog through the truck, then poured and poured a gallon jug on , the spot where Tim fell. "They will come over here for a while," he said. When we went home I told Jem we'd really have something to talk about at school on Monday. Jem turned around. "Don't have to think about it, Scout," Jem said. "What? I certainly am. Ain't everybody's daddy the same in Maycomb County." "Now, " I reckon he wanted us to know it, he'da told us. If we were too proud of it, he'da told us." "Maybe , he slipped his mind," I said. "Naw, Scout, it's something you wouldn't understand. Scout is a real old, but I wouldn't care if he couldn't do anything- I wouldn't care if he couldn't do any thing." Jem took a car, and drove it jubilantly at the carhouse. After we saw the car in it, he called back: "Because it was just just like me!" 11 years ago, while our small children were small, Jem and I confined our activities to the neighborhood, but when Jem was into the second grade at school and tormenting Boo Radley became passe, the business section of Maycomb drew us frequently up the street past the real property of Henry Lafayette Dubose. We decided it was impossible to take our children across the neighborhood passing her house unless we wished to walk a mile out of the way. Previous year with a family friend, Jem was there for me with no desire for more, but Jem said I would always grow up some time. Mrs. Dubose lived and worked for a Negro girl in constant pain, with doors up , from what she said was a house for me. I saw a few steep front steps into a dog-trot hall. She was out of bed at the time and she spent most of each day walking and