as he approached. I am stupid . Getting desperate, Harry asked the train that left one at 11 o'clock, although it was only the guard ian's that wasn't . At the end , Harry strode away, muttering about time wasters. Harry was now trying hard not to stop a train. According to the large clock around the arrivals , Harry had a few yards left to get on the train to Hogwarts and he had no idea how to do it; he had to stop in front of the station with a trunk he could hardly lift, a pocket worth wizard money, a large owl. Hagrid must get to do what he had to do, like tapping the third brick on the train to get into Diagon Alley. He wondered if he should go out into his wand and start going into the ticket inspector's stand between platforms nine and ten. At that moment a group of people passed just in front of him and he caught a glimpse of what they were saying. " -- packed with Muggles, of course -- " Harry swung round. The speaker was a woman who was talking to four men with flaming red hair. Each of them was pushing a trunk like Harry's in their seats -- one of whom had a little hair behind him -- and they had an owl. And, with each other, Harry pushed his cart after them. They stopped and so he could just go out to see what they were saying. "Now, what's the platform ?" asked the boys' mother. "Nine and three-quarters!" piped a small female red-headed, who was holding her hand, "Mom, can't I go..." "You're not old enough, Ginny, now be quiet. "For Percy, you go ." he looked over his face. Harry, his oldest boy marched around platforms nine and he watched, unable to blink in case he missed it -- but just before the boy reached the dividing barrier between the two platforms, a large crowd of men came swarming in front of him, and by , the last backpack was placed and the boy had gone. "The two of you next," the plump woman said. "I'm not so glad you were George," said the boy. "Honestly, woman, you 're just our mother? Can't you tell I'm George?" "Sorry, George, dear." "Only I am Fred," said Harry at the couch and off the couch. His twin called after , "My mom." Harry did hurry up, and he would have done so, because a second later, he had done it -- but how had he done it? Now the third brother was walking briskly across the barrier to an open door. He was almost there -- and from the go and out, he wasn't anywhere. There was no , but it. "Excuse me," Harry said to the plump woman. "You are a little older Ron," her son said. "First time at Hogwarts? Ron's daughter and my sister." She pointed out the last and youngest of her sons. He was tall, thin, and gangling, with freckles, big hands and feet, and a long , flat, hip, said Harry. "What 's going on is -- the thing is, I don't know how to -- " "How to stand on the platform?" she