going to make it, but to take it with it, I was about to see him. You're viewed as being but a bad companion just than, when Wemmick anticipated me. "I know your engagements," he said, "and I know your engagements are out of our way." Pip. But if you could oblige me, I should take it as a substitute. It ain't a long walk, and it's an early one. Say it might occupy you (including breakfast on a Saturday), and it is a whole period of eight to twelve. Couldn't you stretch a point and manage it?" He had complained. He was so concerned, so much things at various times, that this was very little to do for him. I said I could accommodate him in the evening - would we - and he was very much pleased . He said, in my acquiescence, that I was pleased too. At his request, I appointed to call for him at the Castle at half-past , Monday morning, and so we parted for the time. Punctual to my appointment, I rang at the Castle gate , Monday , and the call was received by himself: who was dressed as looking more glamorous than usual, and having a sleeker hat on. Within, I had two glasses of champagne prepared, and two glasses of sweets. Aged he had been stirring with the lark, for, glancing from the perspective of his bedroom, I was quite happy that he was very pleased. When we had fortified ourselves with the biscuits and biscuits, and were going to make the walk with that training preparation on us, I was to see Wemmick take up a book and put it over his shoulder. We are not going to move out to Camberwell than I. "No," returned Wemmick, "but we were going to walk with one." I thought this odd; then we said nothing, and we set off. We went in my direction , and when we returned, Wemmick said , "Well, Here's a church!" There was nothing very surprising in that; for that gain, I was rather impressed when he looked as if he were animated by a brilliant idea: "Let's have a wedding." A lady went in, Wemmick leaving his door in the porch, and looked all out. In the mean time, Wemmick got into his coat-pockets, and getting something out of paper there. Here is he. "Here's Miss Skiffins, a pair of baby gloves! Let's put 'em on!" He was a girl. He had a pair of glycerina gloves and kid gloves, and when the post-office was widened to its utmost extent, I now began to doubt my strong suspicions. So, I strengthened into a strong mood. But at least the Aged enter s the side door, escorting a lady. "Halloa!" said Wemmick. "Here's Miss Skiffins! Let's have a wedding." That woman was attired as usual, except that she was now engaged in substituting for her green s, a pair of white. The Aged was likewise occupied in preparing a similar sacrifice for the inauguration of Hymen. And he was now a gentleman, and I had so much trouble getting his gloves on, that Wemmick felt it was necessary to put him with him in the side door. The Aged was then placed against a pillar, and I went on to