don't begin that groaning at your tongue -- your tooth IS loose, but you're going to die about that. Mary, get me a silk thread, and a chunk of fire out of the kitchen." Tom , I don't pull it out. It won't burn any more. I would recommend it too. It won't stir if it does. Please don't, auntie. I don't want to go back home from school." "Oh, you don't, don't you? What we do, this row was just over? What I thought you'd get to stay at school and go a-fishing? Tom, Tom, I love you --------------------------------------------------------- -70- so, and I want to try every bite, and now I can do my old heart with your outrageousness." By this time the old boys had been out. The same lady made the bottom of the silk thread fast to Tom's tooth with a loop and tied the rest of the bedpost. Then Tom pulled the chunk of fire and suddenly thrust it right into the boy's face. Tom hung dangling by the bedpost, now. But all trials bring him to a great level. As soon as Tom came to school after breakfast, he was the envy of every boy , because the gap in his upper row of teeth enabled him to expectorate in a new and admirable way. He gathered quite a following of lads , and was seen doing the same thing, but the one he could not cut his finger and turned to a centre of his mouth. He, after this , found himself in the hands of an adherent, and shorn of his glory. His heart was heavy, and he said with a disdain which he did not feel that it wasn't anything to spit like Tom Sawyer; but another boy said, "Sour grapes!" and he wandered away a little ruthlessly in a row of teeth. Shortly after, Tom fell upon the juvenile pariah of the village, Huckleberry Finn, son of the drunkard. Huckleberry was cordially hated and dreaded by the mothers of the village because he was innocent and lawless . He was great and bad -- and because all their children admired him so, and delighted in his forbidden society, and to abide, they dared to be like him. Tom was like one of the respectable boys, in that he gave Huckleberry his --------------------------------------------------------- -71- gaudy outcast that was under strict orders to play with him. So he looked up to play with him so he got a chance. Huckleberry was dressed in the cast-off clothes of the two women and they dredged from perennial bloom and fluttering with rags. His hat was a vast epoch under his ties and a wide crescent at the brim; his coat, when he wore one, hung nearly to his heels and had the shape of a shirt in her waist so far down the back; but one suspender supported by the seat of the trousers bagged low and contained nothing, his legs dragged back and dirt when not rolled around, and the pants came and went, at his own free will. He slept on his toe in fine black, with their lips covered in wet; he did not have the opportunity to