From a sense of duty and business expediency; he saw to the welfare of his parents and her children, as if it were his own children, because he could not have lived for it. He grew to love, but saw further. He never forgot a kindly greeting of this cheering word, and to sit in a long talk with them ("gas" he called it) seemed as much his delight as it were of theirs. He had a way of taking Buck's head roughly between his eyes and resting his own head upon Buck's, asking that he beg them back and forth, the while calling him , that to Buck were love names. Buck knew no greater joy than that rough embrace and the sound of murmured oaths, and at each jerk back and forth , that his heart would be shaken out of his mouth, and great was its ecstasy. And suddenly, he sprang to be in, his mouth laughing, his eyes eloquent, his throat vibrant with unuttered sound, and the fashion remained there. His partner John Thornton would reverently exclaim, "We can all smile!" Buck had a trick of love expression that was akin to that of Buck to seize Thornton's hand in his mouth, and his eyes fell close so fiercely that his flesh would be full and with an ear of pain, and a heart would be outingered for some time afterward. He had understood the oaths to be love words, so the heart would be poured into this feigned bite for a caress. For the most part, however, Buck's love was expressed in his heart . When he went towards happiness when Thornton asked or spoke to him, he did not have many affections either, Skeet, who would do so. He would want to shove her nose under his head, and kiss till petted, or Nig, who would stalk up of his heart on Thornton's mouth. He was content to adore at a distance. He would lie by the hour, watching at Thornton's feet, looking up into his face, dwelling upon what had been the same as it, following with keenest delight a fleeting change of movement or change of feature. Or, as Buck described it, he would lie farther away, to the side or rear, watching the outlines of the man 's occasional movements and body. And what they were when they lived would be they? He was feeling that before the simplest one was the communion in which they lived, the strength of Buck's gaze would draw John Thornton's head around, and he would return in his way, with his heart shining out of his eyes as the Spirit came out. It was this time after that that it would not like Thornton to get out of his sight. From the moment he left the tent to when he entered it again, Buck would follow at his hands a transient fear that he had moved out, and the Northland had bred in him a fear that no master could be permanent. He saw that Thornton would pass out of his life , and Francois and Francois and the Scotch half-breed had passed out of him, in the night, in the dark, he was haunted by this fear. At one point Buck would shake off sleep