small wooden temple, a "medicine house" in the area where Okonkwo kept the wooden temples of his personal god and their spirits. He worshipped them with sacrifices of bread, food and palm-wine, and offered prayers to them on behalf of his three wives and eight children. So when the daughter of Umuofia was killed in Mbaino, Ikemefuna came into Okonkwo's household. When Nwoye took him home that day , his most beautiful family had brought him to the house. "He belongs to our sister clan," he told Nwoye. How did you look after his father? Are he staying long with us?" she asked. "When you are killed," Okonkwo thundered, and stammered. "How have you become one of the daughters of Umuofia?" And so Nwoye's mother took Ikemefuna to her . She asked no . As for the boy himself, it was terribly afraid. He could not determine what was happening to him or what had done. How could he know that his father had put their hand in killing a daughter of Umuofia? All he knew was that a few men had arrived at their house, conversing in the middle with a father in low tones, and at the end he had been taken out and handed over to a stranger. His mother had been trying to help the girl, but his mother had been too surprised to hear that once it had done so the stranger had brought him, and a little long, long way from home, through lonely forest , to the family house. But then his mother did not know who the girl was, and he never saw her again. But Okonkwo did not have the start , which many young women had. He did not inherit a barn from his father. There was no barn to inherit. The story was told on the basis of how Okonkwo, Unoka, had gone to consult a local representative and heard about them, as well as some of the . He returned to the Caves to find out why he always had a miserable life. The Oracle was called Agbala, where people came from far and near to consult it. They came into contact with the god when they were leaving their house, or to speak with them when they had a dispute with their neighbours. They came to discover what the future held in it, or to consult the spirits of their own. The way into the shrine was a round hole at the bottom of a hill, a little bigger than the round opening into its walls. All the gods and those wishing to seek knowledge from the god came on the wall through the hall, and found themselves in the dark, endless space of the presence of Agbala. No one had ever beheld Agbala, except his priestess. But never one had ever known that his awful shrine had come out without knowledge of his existence. That priestess stood by the sacred fire which she built in the heart of Israel and proclaimed the life of the god. The fire did not burn with a flame. The glowing logs only served to light up the dark life of the priestess. Sometimes the god came to consult the spirit