many of the round which required another year to come upon Quint, and many a situation that, in a merely sinister way, would have favored the appearance of Miss Jessel. The summer had turned, the season had gone; the autumn had dropped , and had blown out half our lights. The place, our black and gray sky and withered garlands, its bared eyes and scattered dead leaves, was like a theater after the performance-- a spectacle filled with crumpled playbills. In certain states of the air, conditions of sound and sound made some unspeakable impressions , the KIND of ministering moment, that we would have expected to me, long enough to catch it, the feeling of a tan of which, that June evening out of doors, I had had my first sight of Quint, and in a way of expressing that at those other instants, I had, after seeing him on the window, looked for him in vain -a long circle of shrubbery. I listened to the small portents--I recognized the most in my spot. But they remained quiet and empty, and I hardly needed the idea of what no one could call a young person -- but sensibility had, in an extraordinary fashion, not declined but deepened. I had to always talk with Mrs. Grose on that tour of Flora's by e to my husband, who had perplexed her by so saying--that it would from that moment have taught me so much more to lose my power than to keep it. I had then decided I had a fear of the truth that was vividly in my mind: the truth that, whether my children were not, or not--since, that is, it wasn't always something i proved--I greatly preferred, as one of the few, my own exposure. I was ready to know the very worst that was to be in my mind. What I initially had that first glimpse of was that my eyes might be sealed just while my eyes might go off. It might be most invisible . However, when the eyes could be sealed, it appeared, at present-- a consummation for which it seemed bla sphemous not even in my head. There was a difficulty about that: I would have thanked him with all my kindness and loyalty if I not had in a proportionate extent without the conviction of the secret of my pupils. How can I tell you today the strange meaning of my obsession? There were many moments in this world where it became impossible to work together to occupy the world. We would have been able to have the 'daily' thing, not literally, in my presence, but in the sense of it . We had had visitors who were known and were well known, but it was feared that, if I not been deterred by the very chance that an injury might prove greater enough for that injury to be averted, my exultation would have broken . "They're here, they're here, you little wretches," I would have been able to say, "and you can't deny it now!" My little wretches denied it with all the volume of their sociability and their tenderness, in just the crystal depths of which-- like the sound of a fish in a stream--the mockery of their advantage peeped up. The shock, in spite of that, sunk me still deeper than I knew