it still reflected the sun's light but those below lay in deep shade. At length, the village lights were seen passing through the sky, and, soon after, some cottages were discovered in the valley, or rather were seen by reflection in the stream, on whose margin they could still still appear in the evening light. The night lights came up, and St. Aubert, on further enquiry, found not only that there was no inn in the village, but not any sort of house of interest. The stranger, however, offered to come home to the men, and looked around and looked at a cottage to accommodate them; for which further civility St. Aubert returned his thanks, and said that, as the village lights near, he would alight, and walk with him. Emily followed slowly in the carriage. On the way, St. Aubert asked his companion , who he had to stop the chase. 'Not much, sir,' he replied, 'nor do I aim at it. I am pleased with the dress,' which would mean I will throw away a few weeks in its scenes. My dogs I take on are more for companionship than for game. This dress, of course, is an attraction, and procures me that respect from the people, which would, perhaps, be refused to give to each stranger, with no visible motive for coming among them. I admire everyone's attitude. He said, and he said St. Aubert, and said: "[if I was a younger man, should like to pass a distance in your pursuit] he would never see." But 'I, too, am a sham, who has neither my plan nor my attitude, would be like to go in good health, and go into my surroundings as of amusement.' St. Aubert sighed, and paused; and then, seeming to recollect himself, he replied, 'If I am in a situation that I am seeking , it is my job to pass into Rousillon, and along the sea -shore to Languedoc. You, sir, seem to be acquainted with the 'Sandra can, perhaps, give me information on the subject.' The owner spoke about what information he received, and what was entirely at his service; and then mentioned a road rather more to the east, which the owner could not afford to provide. But it seemed like a town, whence it would be easy to proceed into Rousillon. The owner arrived at the village, and commenced their search for a place which would afford a night's sleep, and on the day which they entered, ignorance, lack and mirth seemed to prevail; and the owners eyed St. Aubert with one of the rooms; both. One bed of calmness and calm seemed like a bed could be found, and he had ceased to enquire for one, but she joined and observed the birth of her father's countenance, and lamented, that he could not afford a place to live; she was the ill provided with the comforts necessary for an invalid. Other rooms, as they examined, seemed somewhat less savage than the former, consisting of two rooms, if they could be called; the first of these was not for chickens and pigs, the second by one, which generally consisted of six or six room-mates, with three who stayed four beds