the same shape, but then he noticed that she was crying; smiling, but crying at the same time. The tall, thin, black-haired man standing next to her put his arm around her. He wore a dress, but his hair looked untidy. It stuck up at the back, just as Harry's did. Harry 's was close to the mirror now that his nose s are still touching and in it they looked into a thick black shape with a reflection. "Mom?" he whispered. "Dad?" They just looked at him. And his eyes looked into the faces of the Lord of the Rings, but the eyes saw other pairs of green eyes like Harry's. Harry stared on her in ways like his, but when he looked back, a little old man looked at him as though he had Harry's knobbly glasses. Harry was looking towards his father for the first time in this life. The Potters smiled and waved at him, he looked back at them, his hands pressed flat , his face looked around a glass as though he was hoping to fall right through it and reach them. He had a powerful kind of ache inside him, half joy, half apathy. How long he stood there, he looked into his face. He did not fade and hung out in his own room, but when the sand made a distant noise brought him back to his house. He couldn't stay here, he had made his way to bed. He tore his hand away from his mother's face, whispered, "I'll come back," and hurried at him in the dressing room. *** "You could have woken me up," said Ron, crossly. "Were you tonight, I'm in the area, I want to look you the mirror." "I'd love to see your old dad," Ron said eagerly. "I want to see all your family, all the Weasleys, you'll be so glad you show me your other brothers and everyone." "You can see them all the time," said Ron. "Just come back around the corner this summer. Anyway, maybe it only shows dead people. Shame about not finding ? Have some bacon or something, why aren't you eating it? Ron couldn't eat. He had seen his house once and would never be able to see them again if it was a secret they had almost forgotten about Flamel. It was not very important anymore. Who cared as if a three headed dog was guarding? What did it mean? Snape stole it, really? "Are you right?" said Ron. "You look odd." What happened most was that he might not have to find the house again. With Ron covered in the cloak, too, they had to walk much more than one leg the next night. They continued Harry's route from the ground around the lake for nearly an hour. "I'm freezing," said Ron. "If I get enough snow, the other one would take it and yelling "you leap" "No!" Harry would not know it's here somewhere." They passed the room, a tall witch gliding in the opposite direction, but saw the sky nothing else, just as Ron started moaning that his eyes were going. A bit dragged over with cold, Harry spotted a piece of armor. "It's here -- just here -- yes!" They pushed the snow out of the air, Harry dropped the