is unlikely that the composer of the letter would be careless. If he is in a hurry, it opens up the interesting question why he should be in a hurry, whether a letter posted up to early morning would take place without the advice of Sir Henry before he would leave his hotel. Did the composer fear an interruption -- and from whom?" "We are coming now rather into the areas of our guesswork," said Dr. Mortimer. "Say, rather, into the region where we are now. We need to understand and choose the most likely. After the scientific use of the imagina- writing system, we will soon need some material basis on which to start our speculation. Now, you would call it a "the n again." Without any doubt, I am almost certain that the composer has done well for something he has been trying to put in a hotel." "How in the world can you pronounce it?" "If you check it carefully you will see that both the pen and the ink bottles are in great shape." It appears that the letter by this pen has spluttered twice in a single word and has run dry through in a short address, showing that there was very little ink in the bottle. Now, a private pen or ink-bottle is unlikely to in such a state, and none of the letters is in the bottle, to be quite rare. But for the hotel as well as the composer it would be difficult to get anything else. Yes, I had little hesitation in saying that could we examine the waste-paper baskets of the hotels around the hotel until we found the remains of the mutilated Times leader we could lay our hands straight . It was the person who sent this singular message. Halloa! Halloa! What's this?" He was sitting in the foolscap, upon which the letter was pasted, holding it an inch or two from his eyes. He said he, if the paper was ever printed down. "It is a blank piece of paper, without even a water-mark upon it." "I may have drawn as much as we can ," he said. "This was your curious letter; and now, Sir Henry, has anything else of that type I have referred to you since there has been in London?" "Why, say Sherlock Holmes. I think not." "You have not observed anyone follow or watch you?" "I should have been into the thick of a dime novel," said our mother's sister, "how in thunder should anyone follow or watch me?" "We are coming to that. But there is nothing else dedicated to us before we go into this matter?" "Well, that is a comment upon what you think worth reporting." "I come out of the normal routine of life well ... Sir Henry ." "I don't have any ideas of British life yet, for I have spent nearly all my time in the States and in Canada. But I know that to you, one of your boots is not part of the ordinary routine of life over here." "You have not even seen one of your boots?" "I can say it sir," cried Dr. Mortimer, "it is only for you that I will find it when traveling to the UK. I is