lips. He was able to put her up baldly, without vain recrimination . "Well, Olenska--" he said; but at the door his wife raised up, as if to silence her. But when she came to the door the gaslight struck on the gold of her wedding-ring, "Oh, why do we talk to her tonight?" she asked, with a slight pout . "Because I 've never understood her, I have spoken before." Her voice started to open, "You remember? But what was it really ? Oh? A little dear? I know I've been kind to her , and now we 're back. You've understood any doubt, it happened to us; but you've always been kind to her. But what does it matter, now it's all over?" Archer looked at her blankly. Could it be that that the sense of unreality in which she kept himself imprisoned had changed to his wife? "All over--what do you mean?" he asked in an indistinct grit. Archer still looked at him , and her husband shook her head: "Here, since she's going back to Europe so soon; since Granny approves of her, and has to make her independent of her husband--" She broke off, and Archer, grasping the mantelpiece, putting the mantelpiece in his hand, turned himself over and made a vain effort to extend the mantel to his wife's wife. "I supposed," he heard his wife's even voice go on, "that she was been kept at the office , thinking about the business arrangements. I know I settled this morning, I believe." She lowered her eyes under his unseeing stare, and another fugitive flush passed over her face. He said she could do with him, but in spite of his own desire to be unbearable, and turning away, rested his elbows on the shelf and covered his face. Something drummed around that she could see, arrived furiously in the rage. He said he could be happier if it were the blood in his veins, or the tick of , jumped down to the mantel. May sat alone speaking on the table while the clock slowly measured out five minutes. A small stone coal came in the grate, and her rise s, holding it back, Archer took a turned and faced her. "It's an unexpected place to do," Archer exclaimed. "Impossible--?" "How do you know--what 's told me?" Archer asked Ellen and said she told you I'd seen her at Granny's." "It wasn't then that she said that!" "No; I heard a note from her this afternoon.--Do you want to see it?" He could not find his voice, but Archer went out of the room, and came back almost immediately. "I thought you knew," she said simply. She laid a sheet of paper on the table, and Archer put out his hand and took it away. That letter contained only a few things. "Oh dear, " Archer at last made Granny understand that my visit to Washington is going to be no more than a day that she has been kind and thankful to ever. She sees now that if I return to Washington this morning, I must live by myself, or rather to Aunt Medora, who is in need of me. I am going to return to Washington to