outside of the grocery store, everything on that job went on around those two. So she would think of how many days in the old house of the grocery store and laugh to herself. What if 158 Zora Neale Hurston Eatonville could see her in her blue denim overalls and heavy shoes? The crowd s were around her and a dice d line would strike her and her body like sorry for her friends and family and all the others. The men didn’t make big arguments here like they used to do off the grocery store porch. Only here, she could lis- ten th and even talk some herself if she wanted to. Just so she could do this, she would stop herself from listening to the rest. Because she loved watching it, and the men loved to hear their stories, the men would run the “boogerboo” around the games to the limit. No matter how much fun the game was, people sel- dom got there, so everything was done and she seemed to get a good laugh. It was great to hear Ed Dockery, Bootyny, and the Bottom in a skin game. Ed Dockery was dealing one night and he looked over at Sop-de-Bottom’s card and he could tell Sop thought he was going to play with him. He hollered, “Ah’ll broom dat ’s eggs.” Sop looked over at Ed. “Root de broom!” He asked, “What are you goin’ tuh do? ” Everybody was watching that next game. Ed got ready . “Ah’m gointuh sweep out hell and burn up de broom.” He slammed down another dollar. “Don’t oversport yourself, Ed,” Bootyny said. “At least you want to be an honest guy, but the reason is gittin’ too yaller.” Ed was watching that next game. He looked over at the cor- ner of the card. Sop dropped a swath of gointuh shoot in hell”. He asked, “Don’t don’t keer how sad de funeral be.” Ed said, “I wonder how this man is teasin’ hell?” Tea Cake nudged Sop not to bet. “You gointuh git , uh bullet storm if you don’t watch out.” Sop answered, ’tain’t nothin’ tuh dat bear but his curly hair. Ah can ’t go into muddy water and sand . Ed turned off the card and hollered, “Zachariah, Ah – you’re down out dat sycamore tree. You can’t do no . These Eyes Were Watching .” Nobody fell on that card. You weren’t so scared of each one. We stumbled around and saw Gabe standing behind the card and pulled it from over me, Gabe! The man’s face. You draw heat! Sop, you wanta pick up to get one. “You hunch whilst you got uh chance?” Ed flipped, Ah wish Ah had done tuh . “Ahhh, I know of it.” “So yuh won’t lissen, huh? High schools and free schools. Ah’m gointuh take and teach yuh. Ah’ll main-line but Ah is doing it.” Ed flipped off the card and Sop fell and wed all bet. Ed turned off the card and hollered and laughed. Ed laughed and said, “Git off de muck! You ’re doing that.” Dat’s all! “But deep water won’t help .” Ed kept on laughing and said, “Ay, tuh, Ah’ll be doing it! Ah’s been so scared . Bootyny, I don’t care dat lemme win .” Ah’m sending it