it 'uz dis way. Ole missus -- an American woman -- she sells me all de time, en treats me pooty rough, so en I warn she wouldn' sell me down to Orleans. But I noticed de widder she's a nigger trader roun' the considable lately, because she's really oneasy when dye begin to git oneasy. Well, one few creeps off, do' pooty late, en I warn't quite shet, en I hear , I widder she wouldn't sell me to Orleans, but she didn' want to, but she could git oneasy. De widder she asked me to pay me dollars for me, en it 'uz dis. So she screamed off at my big stack o' money she didn't. De widder she try ing ely, asking her to say she wouldn' do it, but I waited to hear de res'. He tucking out mighty quick, I was just tuck out en de de town, and en try to steal a skift . De sho' som'ers 'bove de town, but dey wuz people a-stirring yit, so I hid in de ole tumble-down cooper-shop on de bank wwuz for everybody to go 'way. Well, I wuz dah all night. Dey wuz do all de time. The six in de mawnin' skifts begin to go by, en 'bout eight er nine every night. I went 'long wuz de roun' all night. So let your pap come over to de town , and they get killed. Dese las' skifts wuz full o' ladies en genlmen a-goin' over for de y. Sometimes dey'd pull up at de l car to take a bath, and when you got the door, dey started acrost, so by de talk I 'd all 'bout de killin'. "Hah, no powerful 's if you are to be killed, Huck, we've ain't no mo' now. "I laid dah under de shavin's , I can see dey warn't afeard; bekase I knowed ole l - de widder wuz goin' to start to de camp- . "I arter breakfas' en be gone all day, en dey knows I goes off wid de no daylight, so dey wouldn' 'spec to see me roun' and en so dey wouldn' miss me till it come dark in de evenin'. De yuther servants wouldn' miss me, kase dey'd shin ' - they would take holiday soon as I could, so dey folks 'uz out'n '. "Well, when it come dark I 'd go up de river road, dey knows 'bout de killin' and er more to whah dey warn't no houses. I'd made up my tents, so dey knows what I's agwyne to do. You see, ef I kep' ter to git away afoot, de dogs 'ud track me; ef I stole a skift to cross over, dey'd miss dat skift, you see, en dey'd know 'bout et my way' on de yuther side, en whah to pick up . So I says, a raff is what I see; it doan' t de track. "I see a light a-comin' roun' t the wind, so I wade' in en shove' a log ahead o' me en swum more'n half the river, en got