outa politeness. If dere’s somebody else you take, it’s all right wid me.” “Naw, it ’s all right wid you. If it was you wouldn’t be sayin’ dat. Have de nerve on the couch whut ,” “Well, all kind of thing.” “All you are Tea Cake, Ah wants tuh go wid you real bad, but,—oh, Tea Cake, don’t make no false pretense .” “Janie, Ah hope God knows me, if Ah’m lyin’. Nobody else on earth kin hold uh candle tuh you, baby. You got de keys to de kingdom.” It was one of a kind picnic that the men wanted to notice things too mad. Tea Cake and Janie gone to the beach. Mayor Starks! All the men that she ’d have been playing fishing and fooling with red – and all Tea Cake! Another thing, Joe Starks hadn’t been dead but nine years. Even here she goes sashaying off to a picnic in pink linen. Joe was attending church, like she used to. Gone was Sanford in a car with his tan and her all dressed in blue! It was a shame. Done took to high school and a ten years old. Looking like some young girl, always in blue because Tea Cake told her. She should never do it. Poor Joe Starks , turns over in his last day. Tea Cake and Janie went hunting. Tea Cake and Janie gone fishing. Tea Cake and Janie gone to Orlando to go with family. Tea Cake and Janie gone to a dance. Tea Cake and Janie spent the night relaxing in the beds in Janie’s yard and seeding the garden for her. Chopping down that tree , which she did like by walking outside the room window. All those boys in a bad possession. Tea Cake and Janie went borrowed car teaching their drive. Tea Cake and Janie gone to bed checkers; playing coon-can; and flip on the store porch all night! Tea Cake and Janie realized she was there . . in the day and their Eyes and week. Their Eyes Were Watching . One of the other people. Alyssa Watson said one day he got in the bed, “Ah b’lieve yo’ s all tied up with dat Tea Cake shon- ough. Didn’t b’lieve it .” “Aw , mean nothin’ by it. Ah he sort of stuck on dat undertaker up at Sanford.” “It’s somebody ’cause she looks might good dese days. Her kin and her hair combed a bit nearly every day. You got to have a big comb on. When you see uh woman , then you can rakin’ in the mirror and she’s combin’ at some man or woman. Of course she’ll see her kin do as she please, but dat’s uh good chance she has a comb at Sanford. De man’s wife also got uh lovely place tuh take her . Better’n her to that woman left her.” “You might sense her intuh things then ’cause Tea Cake can’t do nothin’ but help her spend whut she got. Ah reckon dat’s whut and Throwin’ away whut Joe Starks worked hard tuh git tuhgether.” “Dat’s de way it looks. Still and she had her own woman. She oughta know why. That’s whut