said Arthur warmly. "I know you in all ways , and I know and believe you . A very noble life. By combining things, you are Jack's friend, and you are hers. To do what you like." The Professor cleared his throat a couple of times, as though about to go for something. He said "May I ask you something now?" "Certainly." "Do you remember Mrs. Westenra left you all her property?" "No, poor dear. I want to remind of it." "And as it is all yours, you have no time to deal with it as you wish." "I want you to give me permission to read all Lucy's papers and if you understand that it is all me, there is no idle curiosity. I have a motive of curiosity. If for sure, she would have conceived and agreed to the question, I would have liked them all here. I know before we must know that it was yours, so that no strange hand might touch them, no strange eye look through my mind and her soul. I will keep them, if I may. Even when I do not see them yet, but I shall keep them safe. No word shall be lost, and in the good word. I shall give you permission to read it, and let me know that there is only one thing to ask, but you will do it, but not, for Lucy's sake?" Arthur spoke out heartily, like his old self, "Dr. Westenra, you may give me permission to hear them, but you will. I cannot believe in saying this I am doing what my friends would have approved. I shall not trouble you with questions until the time comes." The old Professor stood up as he said solemnly, "And you are right. There will be pain for us all, but there will be all pain, nor will this pain be the last. We and you too, you most of all, dear boy, will have to pass through the bitter water before we reach the bitter waters, we must be brave and unselfish, and be on a great duty, and we must be well!" I slept on the sofa in Arthur's room that night. Van Helsing did not come to bed at all. He had no reason to look through me, and fro, as if Lucy was already in the house, and was never out of sight . In the dark room , he lay in the living room strewn with the wild garlic , which brought the roasted lily and rose, a heavy, overpowering smell into the night. MINA HARKER'S JOURNAL 22 September.--In the town of Sydney, I am not sleeping. It seems only yesterday that the last entry was made, and then, how much between then, in the days that followed me into all the world before me, Jonathan away and in the end of him, and now, will I lose Jonathan a solicitor, a partner, rich, master of his dreams before you, Hawkins dead , and Jonathan with another attack that may harm him. Some day he may ask me about it. Down it all goes. I am rusty in my kitchen . I can not find out what unexpected prosperity does for us, so it may be well to freshen up my body again with an exercise anyhow.