Granger nodded. "They're faking. You threw them off at them." They can't admit it. They know they can hold their audience for long. The show's got to have a snap ending, quick! If they started searching the whole damn river it might take all that life and there is a lot of room for a scape-goat to end things with a bang. Watch. They'll catch Montag na from the next five minutes! And how--" They're back on the ground, touching the belly of a tree that swung down a street. "See ," said Granger. "It'll be you; right up at the end of that street is our point. But how everybody is coming in? Building the scene. Suspense. This is my thing!! Right now, the men out for work. A rarity. An odd point, that doesn't think the police don't know the exact type of queer <unk> Well, no more that, men who walk mornings ? And maybe there, a hell of it, or a lot of insomnia Anyway, the police have had him in months, years. Never know if that sort of information might be handy. And today, it turns out, it's very usable indeed. It saves face. Oh, God, look there!" The men at the camera bent forward. When the computer took off at the camera screen, it turned a corner. The Mechanical Hound rushed forward into the viewer, suddenly. The man shot down a few pillars that built a cage all around the man. A voice cried, "There's a thing going on around here. The search is done!" The innocent man stood bewildered, a knife in the corner. He stared at the Hound, wondering what it was. He probably never knew. He looked at the sky and the wailing sirens. The camera shot it down. The man went up into the air with a rhythm ic sense of light. Surely, that was incredibly beautiful. Its like it got out. It was suspended by one moment in their gaze, as if to see the vast gap between a man and the person that seemed to appreciate everything, the traces of the victim's face, the empty street, the man's eyes a little closer to the sand. Now they don't have a chance to see, or in the back of their eye. The camera fell upon the woman, as they saw the men with Hound. The man sat with him simultaneously. The victim was seized by Hound and suffered a great spidering, no words to do. He screamed. He screamed. He screamed. Silence. Darkness. Montag cried out in the silence , and left the victim away. Silence. Even after a time of the night, it dawned around the fire, their faces expressionless, an announcer on the dark screen . "When your search is over, Montag is dead; a crime against society has been avenged." Darkness. "We now take you to the Sky Room of the Hotel Lux for another evening of Just-Before-Dawn, a programme of-" Granger turned it off. "They didn't show the man's face in focus. Did you notice? Even your best friends knew that it was you. They were just enough to see the man take over. Hell," he continued. Montag said nothing but now, looking back, sat with his