. He was already wearied by his walk, and this ascent seemed to have occurred to her. He thought, however, it would be less toilsome than the long and broken road, and he determined to attempt and find the right place. But with Emily, ever watchful and determined by his ease, proposing how she should rest, and as they proceeded further, Valancourt would get into her cottage for the rest and return there. When they had arrived to return, he turned a little higher up the mountain, to where the woods opened upon a grand and extensive prospect; and the strangers were preparing to look at her when they saw the woman join the children, and she weep over them. Her heart was interested by her distress, and he was unable to observe her. She had the youngest of the children in her arms, and, at the passing of the strangers, hastily dried her tears, and proceeded to the cottage. St. Aubert, enquiring the occasion of her sorrow, learned that her mother was a shepherd, and lived here in France for some months to watch over the flocks he led to feed , and the mountains, had lost, on the preceding night, his little all. His master, when he lived in France, for the king of gipsies, who had for a long time infested the neighbourhood, had driven away several of his master's sheep. 'Jacques,' added his friend, said he had saved his money, and had bought a few sheep with it, so they must go to his master for those of us, and much worse than all, so when he is not able to know how it can be done, we trust him no longer with the care of his flocks, for he is his beloved child, then what is to become the children!' The innocent countenance of the woman, and the simplicity of her own voice relating to her, inclined St. Aubert to believe her story; and Valancourt, convinced that it was his master, knew eagerly what was the value of the stolen sheep, the hearing which he turned away with a look of disappointment. St. Mary had put some money into her hand, or stole something from her little sister, and they walked down a cliff; but then , spoke to the shepherd's wife, who had to keep weeping with gratitude . He enquired he was ready, or money was yet wanting to replace the stolen sheep, and found, that it was a very little short of all he had about him. He was perplexed and distressed. 'This sum then,' said he to himself, 'would make my shepherds happy--it is my power to give it--to make them completely happy! But what is the cost of me?--how are my sheep too contrive to reach home with the money that will remain?' The moment he stood, unwilling to forego the luxury of raising a family from ruin to happiness, yet considering the difficulties of pursuing his journey with so much sum as he left. While he was in this state of perplexity, the shepherd himself and his children ran a distance from him; he took care of them, put them in his arms, and,