Reference was going on, and the room was empty and lawyers and witnesses and lawyers driving fast; the occupied legal gentleman present, seeing Bartleby wholly unemployed, would request him to run round to his (the legal gentleman’s) office and gather his papers for him. Thereupon, Bartleby would tranquilly decline, and yet remain idle . Then the lawyer would give me great stare, and to him, what could I say? At last I was made aware that all things were being in the circle of my head, and a whisper of wonder was being said, in the past, having reference to a creature I kept at his desk. This worried me very much as the idea came out of his possibly strange encounter with a long-lived man, and he was in my arms, denying my possession of my office to all, and perplexing my visitors; and scandalizing my colleagues; and casting a general of acclaims into the premises; keeping soul and body together to the last upon his savings (for doubtless he spent but half a dime a day), and in the near future bartleby would outlive me, and claim possession of my office , by perpetual occupancy: as all my anticipations crowded upon me, and more, and more, and continually intruded upon my room; with the apparition in the hallway; a great surprise wrought in me. I resolved to leave all my faculties together, and for ever rid me of the intolerable task. As we did not realise. I was never revolving any complicated project, however, adapted to this end, I first simply suggested that bartleby remain the propriety of his ads of my departure. In a calm and serious tone, I commended the lawyer for his careful and mature consideration. But having taken his time to meditate upon it, he had realized that his original determination remained the object of his future. For for short, that bartleby preferred to give a deserved impression to me. What shall I do? I left the court in my mouth to myself, buttoning my coat , and holding me to the last button. What will I do, what ought I to do? what does conscience say I did with this man, or rather ghost. Rid myself of him, there will go, he will. What? how? You will not thrust him, a pale, passive mortal,—you will not thrust such a creature out of your door? you will not dishonor yourself by such cruelty? No, I will not, I cannot do it myself. Or what will this nudge? We will live and die here, and he will be mason up his feet in the wall. What then will you do? For all your coaxing, he will not budge. Bribes he will not put on your own paperweight ; to put on the table; in short, it is quite plain that he prefers to cling to you. Then you will make him so serious and , to be done. What! surely you will not have him be budge, can you just send his innocent pallor y to common jail? And upon what ground can you procure such a budge? What will be done?—a vagrant, is he? What! he will be a wanderer, who could come here. The reason it is because he will not be a vagrant,