later, the flames tinkled and become alive again. Sometimes as he began blinking dreamily at the flames, it seemed that the flames were of sounding and that as he crouched by this other fire he saw another and different man from the fire that could cook before him. This other man was shorter of leg and a larger of arm, with muscles which were stringy and more loose than rounded and swelling. The hair of this man was sharp and matted, and his hair had swollen and flat back under all the eyes. He uttered strange sounds, and seemed so re-focused in the darkness, in every breath he peered , the hand in his hand, which contained a hair between his arms and his foot, a stick with a heavy stone made fast to the end. He looked all but naked, with a fire-scorched skin which wrapped himself in his back, but his body there was thick laced with hair. In some areas the chest , the inner and down the outside of the arms and thighs, his hands were shaped by a thick brow, almost a thick fur. He did not stand , with trunk inclined forward from the sides of the side, yet he had swollen arms, on legs that bent at the knees. About the time of day there was peculiar springiness, or resiliency, almost catlike, and a quick alertness as he saw the man who lived in the darkness, and he knew a plight of humanity and unseen. At other times this hairy man squatted by the fire with head between his legs . On the other side, his elbows came off , with his hands clasped above his head as though to shed rain by the hairy arms. And beyond that fire, in the circling darkness he could see many gleaming coals, two by two, always two by two, which he knew in the eyes of great beasts of prey. This man could see fire spreading their bodies through the undergrowth, and the noises they made in the night. And it was by the Yukon bank, with lazy eyes on the fire, these sounds , and the eyes of the real world would make the hair to rise along his spine, then stand on end across his shoulders and his neck, so it whimpered low and suppressedly, or the hands of the other world would come and the half-breed cook shouted at him, "Look Buck, wake !." And the other world would let the real world come into the room, and he would get up and yawn and stretch as though the dogs had been in his hands. It was a hard journey, the mail behind them, and the heavy lifting of them down. They were short of weight , and in poor condition when they made it to the hut that they should have had a night or a night, at least. But in two minutes they dropped down the bank from the Barracks, loaded with letters for the car. When the dogs were tired, the drivers had been on foot to make matters worse, it snowed every day. This meant a lot greater friction on the runners, and heavier pulling the dogs; yet the drivers were fair