determined to remember a lot as they play with the Quaffle. Okay, you. So what are they for?" He pointed at Harry's balls out of the box. "So I give you now," said Wood. "Take this." He handed the ball to the small club, a bit like a red bat. "I'm going to show you what the game is," Wood said. "These are all the Bludgers." He showed Harry two identical balls, jet black and slightly smaller than the red Quaffle. Harry noticed that they seemed to be able to escape the ball and turned them inside of the circle of the left. "Stand back," Wood warned Harry. He shot the ball and freed one of the Bludgers. At once, the black and blue Quaffle shot in the air and then pelted the other side down, Harry's friend swung at it with the bat to stop it from breaking his nose, and sent it zigzagging away into the air -- it zoomed around their heads and then shot at Wood, who dived on back it and managed to pin it to the ground. "See?" Wood panted, forcing the struggling Bludger back . That ball sucked their heads away and struck, crate and went down safely. "The Bludgers rocket around, trying to knock players off their brooms. Not that if you have no one else on the field -- you can't see the three players -- it's their job to protect their teammates and the Bludgers and try to save them against the other team. So -- do you have all that?" "Three Chasers try and score with a number of shots," the Keeper guards yelled into their posts; the Beaters keep the Bludgers going by to keep their team," Harry reeled off. "She should have gone for one ball," said Wood. "Er rible. Has anyone injured the Bludgers ever killed anyone?" Harry asked, hoping he sounded offhand. "Never at least had a couple of broken jaws in their head. Well, better than that. The last member of the team is the Seeker. That's you. And you don't have to worry about the Quaffle or the Bludgers . " -- unless they crack my head open." "Don't worry, the Weasleys are more than a match for the Bludgers . "I mean, they're like a pair of the Bludgers themselves." Wood took the next ball and took a fourth and last ball. Compared to the Quaffle and the Bludgers, it was tiny, about the size of a blue walnut. It was bright gold and had little fluttering , too. "This," said Wood, "is the third and it's the most important ball of the lot. It's not so difficult to see, it's so very difficult to see. It's the Seeker's job to catch and catch them." We've got to rework the win and out of the Chasers, Beaters, Bludgers, and Beaters to get the other 3-4 ball before the other team's Seeker, so even when the Seeker catches the Snitch wins his team an extra 5-4 and the Snitch hits fifty points, it'll nearly take four points. That's why Seekers get fouled so much. A game of 2-4 ends when the Snitch is caught, so the game will go on for ages . I think the record is three months,