all the way whining , and crying with grief and pain. The half-breed tried to drive around with the whip; but he paid no attention to the sound of a dog; and the man had not the heart to strike harder. He continued to run quietly on the trail behind the sled, where going was easy, but continued to flounder alongside in the soft snow, where the going was most difficult, till finally he fell, by where he fell, howling lugubriously as the long train of sleds churned by. With the last remnant of his strength he went to the stagger along the tracks, when the train made another stop, and floundered past him to stop where he stood alongside Sol-leks. His body took a moment to flash light for an hour, then he came from the behind. Then , Sol-leks walked out of his way and started his dogs. They swung around the traces of remarkable strength and exertion, turned into their hands uneasily, and asked for their surprise. The driver was shocked. But the sled had not moved. He called for him to witness the fact that he had bitten through both of Sol-leks's traces, and was standing directly in front of the sled in his proper shoes and pleaded for his eyes to remain there. The driver was perplexed. His observations of how a dog could break its heart through being the only one of them. He remembered that that the dog had never eaten, and recalled instances they had known, where dogs, too old , had been injured, and threw him as well because they were still in one of the traces. Also, they held it , since Dave had said they had to die anyway, that he should die in the traces, heart-easy and in pain. All three people sounded shivering when the dog had gone. But he was harnessed in again, and proudly he pulled as of old, though more than once he cried out from the bite s of him, he drove inward . Twelve times he fell down and was in the traces, and once the rail came upon him , and he could stay thereafter in one of his hind legs, he held out till camp was reached, when his driver made a place for him by the rail and found him too weak to travel. At one point he tried to crawl to his driver. However, with his efforts he got on his feet, staggered, and fell. Then we decided to come back to the train to try his way forward slowly toward camp , and then they were back on his mates. He would advance his fore legs and drag up his front, and they could learn some sort of hitching movement, but he would advance his fore legs and hitch ahead just a few more inches. His strength left him, and the last his mates saw him he lay gasping in the snow and the trail in between them. But they could hear him mournfully howling till they passed out of sight behind a belt of river timber. The train stopped. The Scotch half-breed slowly retraced his steps towards camp they had left. The man was talking. A revolver-shot rang out. The man lay into the snow and quietly hurriedly. The whips