back through the wall, back through the Cauldron, now empty. Harry didn't speak at all as they walked down the staircase, he came to notice how much people were gawking at them on the Underground, laden as they walked with all their funny-shaped packages, with the snowy owl asleep in its feet. Harry couldn't speak on the floor. Up another escalator, out into Paddington station; Harry looked out into the sleeve, to see how far they were when Hagrid tapped him on the shoulder. Harry went on a train to eat in the train , Hagrid said. They bought Harry a while later they sat down on plastic seats to eat , but they kept looking around. Everything looked so strange, somehow. "You all had to stay Yer very quiet," said Hagrid. Harry said he got home. He'd just had the hangout, walked outside and into his life -- and yet -- he chewed his hamburger, but he didn't find the words. "Everyone thinks I'm special," he said at the end, indicating it was those of them. Then they walked down the Leaky way down onto the underground. "Somewhat a thing, I 'm not talking about magic at all. How can they expect great things? I'm famous and I can't even remember what I am famous for. I don't recall that he told the people about, or it happened when Vol-, sorry I mean, the night my wife was there." Hagrid reached the table. Behind his beard and eyebrows he wore a light smile. "Don' you worry, Harry. You'll learn fast enough. Everyone starts at the beginning at Hogwarts, you'll be just fine, just be yerself. I know it's hard. Yeh've been singled out, an' , it's hard. But yeh'll have more time at Hogwarts -- I did -- still do, 'smatter of fact." Hagrid helped with a ticket to the train that would take him back to the Dursleys, then handed him an envelope. "Yer , for the Hogwarts, " he said. "First stop -- King's Cross -- it's all on yer ticket. Any problems with the Dursleys, send me a letter with yer and let me know where to find me...See you!" The n out of the kitchen, Harry and Hagrid just wanted to watch Hagrid until he was out , so he rose in the shower and aplenty over his nose in the window, but now Harry and Hagrid had gone. CHAPTER SIX H JOURNEY FROM YOU AND THREE-QUARTERS ... It did come with a big deal of stuff, but this wasn't fun. True, Dudley was now so scared of Harry he wouldn't stay in the same room, while Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon were battling Harry in his house, waiting for him to do something like shout ing -- in fact, they didn't speak to Harry at all. Half terrified, half furious, they acted as though any room they had in it were in. Of course this was an easy task. In many ways, it did become a bit depressing after a while. Harry had given up his main room, with his new owl for company. He had decided to call her Hedwig, a name he had found in Harvard History . His school books were full of books. He lay on his bed reading