and disappeared. "Now, Mr. Pip," said Mr. Jaggers, "attend, the cash-book, please. You have been put freely here; your name is given in Wemmick's cash-book; but you have the debt, of course?" "I am afraid I must say yes, sir." "You know you must say yes; don't you?" said Mr. Jaggers. "Now, I'm too afraid I should ask me." "I don't ask you what you owe, because you don't have an income. And if you did know, you wouldn't tell me what you could ask me . She said yes, my friend," said Mr. Jaggers, waving his forefinger to stop me, as I made a phone call, protesting: "it's likely enough that you think you wouldn't, but you would. You'll excuse you if you might, he told us, rather than to take this piece of paper in your hand. You have got it? Very soon, unfold it and tell me what it is." "This is a bank-note," said I, "for five hundred pounds." "That is a bank-note," said Mr. Jaggers, "for five hundred pounds. And a very handsome sum of money too, Pip. You consider it , could I do otherwise!" "Ah! what are you owed , pip?" said Mr. Jaggers. And you consider it, undoubtedly, a handsome sum of money. Now, that handsome sum of money is your own. It is a wise sum for you on this day, in response to your own situation, and at the rate of that amount of money per annum, and , higher your funds are only one only until the donor of the money makes the money. That is to say, you put all your money affairs entirely into your own hands, and your next. And you will draw from Wemmick one hundred and twenty-five pounds per quarter, only when you are in communication with the fountain-head, and no one is left alone, and the other is the mere money. I have told you before, I am the mere agent. I execute my instructions, and I am paid for doing so. I am paid for doing so. "They are very injudicious, and I am not paid by anyone unless you give any opinion on their merits." I wanted to express my gratitude to my benefactor for the great liberality with which I was treated, when Mr. Jaggers stopped me. "I am a Pip," said Mr. Jaggers. I walked "to say thank your words to any one;" and then gathered up his coat-tails, as he had heard about the subject, and stood frowning at his boots , as he suspected them to go against him. After a while I hinted: "There was a kind of question , Mr. Jaggers, which you want me to waive for a moment. I think I am doing things like that, in asking it . Where is it?" said he. I might have known that he should help me , but it was such aback , that my patron might want to shape the question afresh, as if it were quite new. "Is it likely," I asked, hesitating, "that my patron, which I have spoken of, Mr. Jaggers, will soon--" there I delicately stopped. "Where is it, what?" asked Mr. Jaggers. "That's no wonder how it stands, you know." "Will soon come to London,"