Wemmick, not just addressing himself to him, and here's to Mrs. Sipney, said Mr. Jaggers, taking a decanter of choicer wine from his mouth to prepare the filling for each of us and for himself, will let the question of a table be settled to the lady's hands. To the satisfaction of the lady and the gentleman, please, to see what the rest will be. Molly, Molly, Molly, Molly, how slow you are to-day!" She was at ease when he asked what his thing was like when he had done, putting it upon the table. As she withdrew her hands down, she fell back a step further, nervously muttering some excuse. And a certain action of her fingers as she spoke arrested her. "What's worse, said I, and what we were talking of," said I, "was rather painful ." The action of her fingers was like the action of knitting. She stood looking into the master, wondering whether she was free to talk about him, and whether he had more answers to her and would call her an answer before she did go. Her look was very intent. Surely, I had seen exactly such eyes and such eyes that had had come on such a memorable occasion very well. In the end I dismissed her, and she looked down and looked out of the room. Then she remained before me, as though I would have imagined, if she were still there. I looked at that face, I looked at those eyes, I looked at that flowing hair; and I looked at those eyes with other hands, and I looked at those eyes, and the other hair, that I knew of, and wondered how those might be after the birth of our husband and a stormy life. I looked again , looking at the hands and eyes of the housekeeper, and thought of the inexplicable feeling that had come over me when I last walked - not alone - in the house in the garden, and I was still walking down to the deserted brewery. I thought how the feeling had come back when I saw her, looking at the back of my face and mouth, and a hand waving to me , from a small perspective - and how it had come back , when I had flashed up from Lightning, when I had passed in a carriage - not alone - a sudden glare of a shadow of light in a dark place, and I thought the link of association had helped that identification in the theatre, I had found out that a link, wanting before, had come back for the first time, when I came out of the room by a mouse and from Estella's name to the fingers with their knitting action, and the attentive eyes. And I was not certain that this link was Estella's mother. Mr. Jaggers had seen me with Estella, and was not likely to have missed it, because I had been in some pains to conceal. He nodded when I arrived, the subject had not been to me, and I went on the back, put round the wine bottle I sat on with his gloves, sipped him twice more, did the housekeeper reappear, and then her stay in the room was very short, and Mr. Jaggers was sharp with her. But her hands were