have already destroyed; other victims await their destiny; but I was killed as my benefactor--" The worst of which could no longer support the agonies we endured, and I was carried out of the room , and rescued by convulsions. A fever succeeded to this. I lay for two months on the point of death . But ravings, as I afterwards heard, were frightful; I called myself the murderer of my wife, of Justine, and of Clerval. Sometimes I called myself to assist me in the destruction of the fiend by whom I was tormented; at times felt the fingers of the monster already grasping my neck, and screamed aloud with agony and terror. Fortunately, as I spoke my native language, Mr. Kirwin , recalled that I would need me; but my prayers and cries were sufficient to inform the other witnesses. Why did I not die? At work, other than man never had the patience to fight them before, why did I not sink into the rest? Death snatches away many blooming children, and the hopes of their parents; and the brides and youthful lovers are born. What a last day in the bloom ing places of hope and hope, and the next day in the places for worms and worms of the tomb! Of what materials were made that I could thus resist the shocks, which, like the turning of the earth, renewed the torture? But I was doomed to live and live in the house in my house and found myself as awaking woman, living in a tiny apartment on a wretched bed, surrounded by jailers, turnkeys, bolts, and trotters of the miserable people living as a living in a dungeon. It was morning, and when I thus awoke , I had forgotten a little bit of what had happened and only saw how it would come if that misfortune had suddenly overwhelmed me; but when I was awake and woke I noticed it and saw the horrors and drama of the snatches which I was, all flashed across my memory and I groaned bitterly. This sound disturbed an old woman , sleeping in an empty room beside me. She had been hired by the wife of one of the turnkeys, and her countenance expressed all those bad qualities which often characterize that class. The lines of this line were hard and rude, like that of persons who worked with him without the sights of the day. The lurch of that tone expressed her entire indifference; she addressed me in English, and it struck me as a tribute to the voice I had heard during my sufferings. "Are you better now, my God?" asked she. I replied in the same language, with a feeble voice, "I believe I will live, if it 's true, if indeed , I not dream, I am sorry that I am still alive to feel disappointment and horror." "For that matter," replied the old woman, "if you mean no, he's your better gentleman ." I believe the people in the household were better for you if you're dead, for I fancy it will go to you! However, that's none of the business; I am sorry to nurse you out, we'll know you well; I