raised his hat in acknowledgement. The question is repeated. But you are not free enough yet , so to mention your sacrilege. Tell me would you ? --The question should beg first, Stephen said. --And if you did nothing, would you rob? --You wish me to say, Stephen answered, that the rights of property are provisional, and that in certain circumstances it is not unlawful to rob. Everyone believes in that belief. So I can only make it to you. She asked the answer. I want your theologian, Juan Mariana de Talavera, to also explain to you in what circumstances you may lawfully kill his king . If you did nothing, you had better not kill his king. He could thrash a goblet or run a horse, and so he could ask for him upon his feet. He would do not slay his saddlebow. Ask me what would you tell my king when they found me, or I did, who would have. I would call to them what I believe is called the chastisement of the secular ist, would you? --I thought, Cranly said, it would be as much to do so as to be robbed. --I see, Cranly said. He produced his hair. --So he began to clean the eye with his last two teeth. Then he saw it. --Tell me, for why do you deflower a virgin? --Excuse me, again, politely, is that not the ambition of young gentlemen? --What then is this point of view? Cranly asked. His last phrase, sour smelling as the tyre of charcoal and disheartening, excited Stephen's brain, over which he seemed to brood. --I ask, he said. You have asked me what I would do and what I would not do. I will tell you what I would do and what I will not do. I will not serve that in which I no longer believe, whether it was my home, my fatherland, or my home, and I will seek to express myself in some mode of my art as freely as I can, and as wholly as I can, using for his sake (which is a small arm with a few arms I allow him to use-- silence, exile, and murder) he seized his arm and steered the arrow so as to be sent back towards Leeson Park. Her hand touched his arm almost slyly and pressed Stephen's arm with an elder's affection. She was surprised at what Cranly said. Is it you? You poor poet, you! --And you made me confess to you, we are thrilled by his eyes. I have confessed to you so many other things, how have you not? --Yes, yes. Cranly said, you! --You made me confess the life I have. I will tell you that I do not fear. I do not fear to be alone or to be spurned for another or to leave whatever I have to do. I am afraid to make a mistake, even a great act of lifelong amputation, perhaps as long as eternity too. Cranly, now grave again, was on his pace and said: --Alone, your loved one? You were afraid of God! I have no fear of that. And you know what that word means? Not only to be