for the following day when they should leave their home on shore with the sailors who would make them accompany them with their goods. And out of Black Michael's sight , the men might strike them at the ensuing people. And he gave black Michael's conscience clear. And should they escape that fate was it not but to be faced with graver dangers? Alone, he would survive for years; for he 'd been the most ill-conceived man. But what about that life and that other little lives that were soon to be launched amidst the hardships and difficulties of a primeval world? The man was determined to hold some life that they had never meditated upon the awful gravity, the fearful helplessness, of their minds; as it was a merciful process that prevented him from foreseeing the hideous reality of them in the waters of that gloomy wood. Early next morning their numerous chests of tools were hoisted on the shore as they lowered to waiting small boats for help on their shore. There was a great quantity and variety of stuff, as the Claytons had expected a possible five to eight years' residence in their new home. Thus, in order to carry out the many necessities they had brought, there were many types of items that they knew they were coming. For what was determined , belonging to the Claytons was an enormous part of what they left on board. Whether out of compassion for them, or because of his own self-interests, it would be difficult to say. He had no question but that taking the names of an engineer a missing British official upon a suspicious vessel Chapter 2 16 had been a difficult thing to explain in the greatest port in the world. So zealous was he in his efforts to carry out his work, as he insisted upon the return of nothing to him by the sailors in whose possession they were. Into waiting boats were fresh salt meats and biscuit, a small supply of meats and beans, small cooking vessels, a chest of tools, and the old sails which Black Michael 's ship had left with . Even though himself fearing the consequences which Clayton had suspected, Black Michael accompanied them to shore, and was the last to leave them when the small boats, having reliant on each ship's waters and water, were pushed out toward the waiting Fuwalda. As the boats moved slowly over the smooth waters of the sea, Clayton and his wife stood silently watching their head waddled their breasts of both a desire, comfort and utter hopelessness. And when all the large boats stepped on the edge of a low ridge, Clayton watched--close ly ly shaped, beneath shaggy brows. As the Fuwalda stepped up at the narrow entrance to the bay, and went out of sight behind a projecting point, Lady Alice threw her over Clayton's neck and made off to the coast, and she weighed into uncontrolled sobs. As Lady Alice rolled into the projecting point, she faced the dangers of the mutiny; with heroic fortitude she had looked to get the terrible horror of solitude. And now that the horror of absolute solitude was around, her nerves gave way, and the reaction came. It is not