down over the lake; away out over that lake all day; and then at least fly back to one's nest? Oh, I can just imagine myself . What big house is that just out of the sea? "That's the White Sands - Kirke runs it, but the season hasn't begun yet. There are a lot of Americans come there there . They think this shore is just about right." "I was afraid it might be a really strange place," said Anne mournfully. "I don't really get there. But maybe it will seem like the heart of everything." 6. Marilla Pebble Her Mind Get there they did, however, in their own house. Mrs. Spencer lived in a big yellow house at Little Cove, and she came to the door with surprise and welcome mingled on her benevolent face. Instead she exclaimed, "you're the last folks I 've been home for today, and I'm real glad to have been with you. You'll put your horse in? And so thank you, Anne?" "I'm glad as can be expected, thank you," said Anne . But some seemed to have descended on her. "I 'll stay a little longer and be a little more mare," said Marilla, "but I promised Matthew I'd be home early. The fact is, though, there's been a queer mistake somewhere, and I've come over from where it is. We send word, Matthew , so I asked for your brother Robert to bring us a boy from her house. We told your brother Robert and she kindly gave you we a boy ten or eleven years old." "Marilla Cuthbert, but you say so!" said Mrs. Spencer in distress. "Why, Robert sent me a letter to the woman left by his daughter Nancy and she said you wanted a boy, then Flora Jane?" asked Nancy, her daughter who had come out to call him. "She certainly did, and corroborated Flora Jane earnestly. I'm dreadful sorry," said Mrs. Spencer. "It's too bad; but it certainly wasn't my own fault. You see, Miss Spencer did the best , and I thought I was following your instructions. Nancy is a terrible flighty mother that often had to scold her well for his heedlessness." "It was my own fault," said Marilla resignedly. "We should have heard from you ourselves and not left an excuse to be done by word of mouth in case of tragedy. Anyhow, the mistake has been made , but the only thing to do is to set it right. Can you put the child back to the asylum? I suppose they'll take her back, won't they?" "I suppose so," said Mrs. Spencer thoughtfully, "I don't think the same would be necessary for the girl." Mrs. Peter said she was going to her school yesterday, and she was saying to me how much she wished she'd sent by me for a little girl with her. If she has lost her family, you know, she finds it necessary to get help. Anne will be the very girl for whom I call it ." "I guess it will not look as if she