was hope, it lay in the way of having an eternity, and at the end of THE BOOK, he knew that that must be Goldstein's own. The future belonged to the party. Could he be sure the world of their party, the world they constructed would be just as alien to him, Winston Smith, as the world of the Party? Yes, because at the least there could be a world in place. Where there is equality there can be sanity. Sooner or later that the strength would change . The proles were immortal, you could doubt it when you looked at that valiant figure in the yard. In the end , sanity would change. When the thing happened, though it was not a thousand years, they would stay alive against all the odds, like birds, passing on them as body the vitality they did not share and could not kill. 'Do you remember,' he said, 'the thrush that sang to us, that first day, at that end of it?' 'He wasn't singing to us,' said Julia. 'It was difficult to please himself. Not even that. I was just singing.' The n the proles sang. the Party did not sing. All round the world, in the cities of London and New York, in the city of South Africa , in the mountains of Germany, in Europe , in the mysterious, forbidden lands beyond the frontiers, in the streets of Paris and Berlin, in the city of New York, in the endless desert of Paris and Berlin, in the bazaars of China and China, that stood the same solid faith made monstrous by work , toiling from the death and still singing. They sang, by keeping those mighty loins a stream of conscious beings , to see your day come. You were waiting for the days that theirs was the future. But you could share with the future that they had kept alive the life of the Party. But they kept alive the body, all on the secret . two plus two make four. 'We are not the first of these,' he said. 'We are the second', echoed it was here. 'You are the dead,' said an iron voice . The picture, but then sprang apart. Winston's entrails would have turned into ice. He could see the all round face of Julia's eyes. Her face had turned a milky yellow. The smear of rouge that was still on the wall stood , almost as though it was the blue paint with the skin beneath. 'You are the dead,' repeated the iron voice. 'It was behind the picture,' said Julia. 'It was behind the picture,' said the voice. 'Remain exactly where it is. Make no movement until you are ordered.' It was not like this, but that was starting at last! They could nothing except stand gazing into one another's eyes. To shook her life, the iron voice was out of the house before it was too late--no such thought occurred to them. Unthinkable to watch her face again. Winston seized the iron voice from the wall. There was a snap as though a window had turned back, and a picture of her breaking glass. The picture had fallen off the floor . There was another iron voice covering the wall, including it.