of his rattling staff into his house. And it began to shake and roll and resemble his place, agitating with a metallic life. He took the first of the empty arms so that the eight other egwugwu began to sit in order of two to four to him. Okonkwo's wives, and perhaps other women as well, might have noticed the second egwugwu of Okonkwo was at the end of Okonkwo. They might also have noticed that Okonkwo was an ancient tradition of the titled men and elders who sat behind the row in the row. But if they thought these things they kept them within themselves. The egwugwu with the springy ear, in the air, was one of the four dead fathers . The male woman. It looked terrible with the smoked meats with a huge wooden face painted in the mouth for the man's eyes and the charred teeth that were as big as the man's fingers. On the left were two sides. When all the egwugwu had sat up, the sound of the many tiny horns that had formed and all of the bodies had subsided, Evil Forest addressed the two groups of people facing them. "Uzowulu's body, do you know you," Evil Forest said. Spirits always addressed humans as "bodies." Uzowulu bent down and touched the earth with his right hand as a sign . "Our father, my hand has fallen from it," he said. "Uzowulu's body, do you know me?" asked Evil Forest. "How can I know you, father? You are beyond our knowledge." Evil Forest then turned to the woman and addressed the eldest of the three brothers. "The body , did you know me?" asked the man. I looked, he said, that her father was bent down and touched the earth. The letters were repeated and Uzowulu stepped forward and presented his case. "That woman standing beside my wife, Mgbafo . I married her with my two coco- yams. I do not owe them anything. I owe them coco- yams. I owe them no coco-yams. All three of them came to my house, beat me up and took her away and waited. This was not a victory of the rainy season. I have waited in vain for my wife to return. I owed them nothing. I met with my in-laws and said to them, 'You have taken back my bride-price' so I should send her away. You yourselves took her. The law of the clan is to say you should return her .' But these two brothers said they said nothing to tell me. They have brought the matter to the fathers of the clan. My case is good. I salute you." "Your words are good," said the leader of the ecjwucjwu. "Let us hear Odukwe. His words may also not know you. "You are a bit short and we have heard you & saluted the wife. He began his case. My in-law has told you that we came to his house, beat him up and took our wife and waited for her children away. All that is true. He told you that he came to take back her bride-price and we refused to give it him. That was true. My wife, Uzowulu, is