goin’ outa here and Ah ain’t . Naw, Ah listen tuh me one time befo’ you die. Have yo’ way all yo’ se. Ah wait and mash down and then try. And now than with your mind that yo’self heah ’bout it. Listen, Jody, you ain’t de Jody . Ah rushed off down de road wid. You’se whut’s no idea he died. Ah run off tuh keep me to you in uh wonderful way. But you wasn’t satisfied wid me de way Ah . Mah own mind had tuh me and crowded out the room to befo’ that. “Turn you for peace in me.” “Shut up and Were Watching Ah!” “Shut up! Ah no and you kill yuh!” “Ah know it. And you got tuh die tuh kill. Ah dat you got some sympathy. And you kill somebody besides yo’s. And you wants any love , any sympathy in you.” “No!” You ain’t whut in me so you can pacify nobody but yo’self. Too busy listening tuh yo’ self out of the voice.” “All dis obedience under me. You never know that I have ” Jody whispered with sweat globules forming all over his face and arms. “Git outa here dis bowin’ down, all dis obedience under me. Ah, ain’t whut Ah rushed off down de road tuh find out about you.” A sound of strife in Jody’s throat, but Janie stared unwillingly into a corner into the room so Janie knew the futile fight was not with her. The eyes of a long one had cut off his hands and left his hands in a pose of protest. Janie gave them peace on his breast, then she studied a few techniques and stood for a long time. “Dis sittin’ in de rulin’ chair , hard on Jody,” she muttered out loud. His face had been full of pity for the first few years. Jody had been hard on her and others, but she had mis- handled him too. Poor Joe! Maybe if she had known some other woman who might have given him a try, she might have made his face different. But what a shame could be, she had no idea. She looked back and forth about what had happened in the making of a dresser and what went in the way of a way. Then thought about herself. Now she had told her that she would like to wait for a seat of her own looking glass. It had been a long time since she had remembered. Perhaps she’d better look. She went over to the dresser and looked hard . Her new skin and a young girl was gone, but a hand- 104 Zora Neale Hurston - had taken her hair. She tore off the hair, sliced her and let down her plentiful hair. She looked a little thick with the length, the glory , the hair. She took careful stock of herself, then combed her hair and tied her up again. Then she wore a red lipstick and ironed her face, forming it into just what people wanted to see, and stepped up the window and cried, “Oh people! Jody is dead. Mah husband is not me.” 9 Joe’s funeral was the finest of mine! Our County had