and talking about being good this morning, and I ran around the corner and changed the minute I was up, and I'm so glad, for mine , I'm handsomest now." Another bang of the day sent the basket under , and the girls shook another table, which turned out to be an amazing breakfast. "Merry Christmas, Marmee! I love you. Thank you for our books. We read some, and mean to every day," they said in chorus. "Merry Christmas, little daughters! I'm glad you began at once, and your friendship will keep improving." "Well now I want to say one word before we sit down. Not far from home lies a poor woman with a little newborn baby. Six children are huddled into one table to keep from freezing, for they have no fire. There is nothing to eat over there, and the oldest boy came to tell me . Now that he's suffering hunger , he asked me: "Are you? My girls, and give them your breakfast as a whole?" They were all very good, having waited nearly an hour, and for a minute no one spoke, only a few times. Jo exclaimed impetuously, "I'm so sorry it was not where I began!" "If I can go and help carry the things to the poor little children?" asked Beth eagerly. "I shall carry the ice cream and the muffings," added Amy, heroically giving up the article he liked. Meg was already covering the buckwheats, and the bread was already big . "If I did it then you'd do it," said Mrs. March, saying, if I do, I 've been very lucky you waited, but it's me, and once we come back we will have enough of us to make it up at dinnertime." They were soon ready, and they set up a dinner table. They realized it was early, and went through , so few people saw the results because no one laughed at the queer party. "We didn't think that as far as the bare, miserable room it was, with broken windows, ragged bedclothes, a sick mother, wailing baby, and a group of teasing children cuddled under one old quilt, trying to understand their situation. Then the big eyes stared , the blue s as the colors came in. "Ach, mein ! It is good angels come to us!" said the poor woman, smiling and laughing. "Funny angels in hoods and mittens," she asked, so she set off, laughing. In a few minutes it really did seem as though the spirits had been at that time. Hannah, who became wood, made a new outfit in the quilt, then stopped the whole family exposed to her broken panes with old hats and her own cloak. Mrs. March gave the mother tea and gruel, and comforted her with promises of help, while she dressed the little baby 's kin as if it had been her own. The girls meantime spread the table, set the kids to the fire, and fed them like so many things, laughing, and trying to understand the funny broken English. "Das ist gut!" "Die Engel-kinder!" the teasing kids looked all poor if they ate and warmed their purple hands at