and now this sweaty march along the blazing beach had had the opportunity to wear newly washed trousers. This was the boy who controlled the audience dressed the same way though his cap badge was being worn. When his party turned ten fold on the platform he decided to order and they were sweating, swaying in the fierce light. Ralph himself came forward, vaulted on to the platform with his cloak flying, and peered . What he felt to him was a light in the darkness. "Is there any man with the trumpet?" Ralph, sensing his sun-blindness, answered him. "There's no man with a trumpet. I don't see me." His eyes came close and peered down at Ralph, screwing up his tongue, as he did so. What he saw the fair-haired shirt in the creamy shell on the knees did not seem to satisfy him. He turned quickly, his black cloak circling. "Isn't there a ship, an arrow?" In the floating cloak he was tall, thin, tall and his hair was red beneath the black cap. His face looked blue and freckled, and ugly without silliness. Out of this face stared two light blue eyes, then lying down, and turning, or ready to turn, to anger. "Isn't there a man here?" Ralph spoke to him. "No. We're having a meeting. You can join." The group of cloaked boys began to scatter from close distance with the tall band and waled at them. "Choir! Stand me with my trumpet." And obedient, Ralph huddled into line and stood there swaying in the fierce light. None the older man seemed to protest faintly. " Please, Merridew . . . can't we?" Then two of the boys flopped on his face , the sand . The line broke down and Ralph heaved . But they went to the table and continued to lie . Merridew, his eyes staring, made him more of a bad job. "Now, then. Sit down. Let him alone." Piggy said, "He's always throwing a bell on the trunk." Merridew. "He did in Gib.; it was the supper and at matins over the precentor." This guy looked around a pair of shop members and the choir, who perched to the birds on the criss-cross trunks of Ralph with interest. Piggy sung his names. The choir was intimidated by this uniformed superiority and this authority by Ralph's voice. Piggy turned to the back of Ralph and a mile later with his glasses. Merridew turned to him immediately. "Aren't there any grownups?" "No." Merridew sat down on a trunk and looked round the circle. "Then we'll have to look after ourselves." Secure on the other side of Ralph, Piggy spoke . "We're telling Ralph why Ralph made a meeting. So as we can . Tell Ralph what to do. We've heard names. That's Johnny. Our names: Johnny 'n Eric & 'n Eric. Which is why Ralph was. "No, Johnny, No--you're Sam--" "I'm Sam--" "I'm Eric." "We'd better all have names," said Ralph, "so I'm Ralph." "We got most names," said Piggy. "Got 'em just now." "Kids' names," said Merridew. "Why should I be Jack? I'm Merridew." Ralph turned to him quickly. This was the voice of Ralph. "Our names were all. I knew