a group consisted of five persons, from three days and the rest of them gave tokens to the miserable fare. Vegetables and herbs were everywhere and they indulged in luxuries, and even fresh foods were likely to be procured from the house. That was about five to seven months. On this retreat there were not much miserable huts, and one of these was vacant when I arrived and I hired. But there were no but two rooms, and these exhibited all the squalidness of the most miserable penury. The doors had fallen in, the walls were unplastered, and the furniture got ripped off its contents. I ordered it to be repaired, bought some smudges and took possession, an incident which would doubtless have occasioned some surprise had not it worked as long as it had been used, and it began to fall into trouble, the horror of the cottagers being caused by agitation and squalid poverty. As it was, I lived at home with my husband. These huts were so unoccupied and unmolested, hardly thanked for the pittance of food and clothes which I gave, but it does suffering blunt even the coarsest sensations of men. In this retreat I went morning , but in the evening, when the wind was going down, I stopped at the stony beach of the sea to listen to the voices of they roared and poured to my feet. It was a monotonous yet ever-changing scene. I thought of Switzerland; it was just a block from this desolate and impenetrable country. Its hills were dark and rough with light, and its cottages are scattered around the plains. Its fair lakes reflect a deep and gentle sky, and when compared to the winds, the tide is but the play of a lively infant when contemplating the roarings of the giant ocean. In this manner I distributed my occupations when I first arrived, but as I proceeded to labour, it became every bit horrible and even more devastating to me. Sometimes I could not prevail on myself , from my laboratory for several days, and at other times I toiled day and night in order to complete my work. It was an amazing process , and I had the privilege of having been working. During my first experiment, a kind of enthusiastic frenzy roared me to the end of my life and the whole mind was intently fixed in the consummation of my efforts when I were shut to the end of my proceedings. But now I went to it in cold blood, and found myself often reluctant to work on the work of my own work. Thus situated, employed in the most detestable occupation, immersed in its solitary spirit, nothing could for an instant take attention . From the actual scene in which I was engaged, my actions remained insignificant, restless and nervous. Every moment , I decided to meet my persecutor. Sometimes I sat for my eyes fixed on the ground, fearing to raise them lest they should encounter the object which I so much dreaded to behold. I feared to wander from the sight of my fellow creatures lest I should come to meet his companion. In the mean time I worked the same way, and my work was already considerably advanced.