retracted from a desire to refer to her brother Francis, struck in again: 'If Dora wished she said, 'when she married our brother Francis, 'i once said that there was not room for the family to come to the dinner-table, I would have been better for the happiness of all parties.' 'Sister Clarissa,' said Miss Clarissa, 'please not tell me we needn't wait until now.' 'Sister Lavinia,' said Miss Clarissa, 'it belongs to you.' With your branch of the subject, on which you are competent , I should not think of interfering. On the other hand, with any branch of the subject I have a voice and an opinion. It would have been better for the happiness of all parties, if Dora's mama, when she married our brother Francis, had chosen what her intentions were. We should then have known what we had hoped. We should have said "Pray do not forget to join us, at any time"; 'We should have thought there was the possibility of misunderstanding would have been avoided.' 'when Miss Clarissa had shaken her head, Miss Clarissa saw me again referring to a letter through her eye-glass. They both had little bright , unnatural birds' eyes, by the way, which is right from the birds' eyes. They were not unlike me in a sharp, brisk, sudden manner, and a little more delicate way of referring to themselves, like canaries. Miss Clarissa, what I have said, resumed: 'You ask permission of my family and myself, Mr. Copperfield, to visit here, as the accepted suitor of your choice.' 'If our brother Francis,' said Miss Clarissa, breaking out again, if I may call anything so calm a breaking out, 'wished to surround himself with an atmosphere of Doctors' ; not an image of the sun. So, only, what right or right of the world know for the first time?' 'There is None, I know. We have ever been far from everything to obtrude ourselves on anyone. But why not let us have a society? Let our brother Francis and his wife have their society. Let our sisters Lavinia and myself have their society. We can do it for ourselves, too. As this appeared to be about Traddles and me, both Traddles and he refused to come back without some sort of reply. Traddles was inaudible. I think , from Traddles and myself, that it was only possible to all concerned. I don't in the least know what I meant. 'Sister Lavinia,' said Miss Lavinia having now relieved her mind, 'you can go on, my dear.' Miss Lavinia proceeded: 'Mr. Copperfield, my sister Clarissa and I have been very careful indeed in considering it, but we have not got a reply. I can say without finally showing it to our niece, and after all, we can discuss it with my niece. We have decided that you think you like us much.' 'Think, ma'am,' she argued. 'Let me tell your fiance -' But Miss Clarissa giving me the sharp look (just like a little bit?) proving that I would not interrupt the oracle, I begged pardon. 'Affection,' said Miss Lavinia, glancing at me for corroboration, which she gave in the form of a little gesture in honor of the fact that 'mature affection, homage, devotion, does not express itself. Its