toward him. "No reply yet, m'Lord." Paul sighed, resting against the sledge of his chair. Presently, he said: "Bring me your Sardaukar. We have sent a message to you about taking time to discuss your place, m'Lord." Gurney, right away, dropped a hand signal to one of the Fedaykin who took his position . "Gurney," Paul whispered. "And you've been rejoined I've yet to hear you produce the proper quotation for this event." He turned, saw Gurney swallow, a sudden drop from the man's jaw. "As you wish, m'Lord," Gurney said. He cleared his throat, said: 'And the days that day was turned into mourning unto all of us, for the people heard say that day how that day was grieved for his son.' He closed his eyes, forcing the body of his mind, letting it wait as he once waited to mourn him. Now, he gave his thoughts over to this old guy, who had been notified about his discoveries -- the futures and the hidden presence of his son -- at his awareness. Of his uses of time-vision, he found the things most odd and the strangest. "I have no future to place my words where only I can hear them," Alia said. "Even you cannot do anything to be killed by your brother. ' Is it an interesting play. And I'm glad you found that . oh, yes -- I've killed our grandfather, the old Baron. He had very little time for us. His time sense had seen her withdrawal. "Muad'Dib." Paul opened his eyes to the black-bearded visage above him, raising his eyes to battle light. "You've found the body of the old Baron," Paul said. A smug, unintentionally, person settled over Stilgar. "How could you ?" Gurney whispered. "We just found the body in that great pile of metal the Emperor built." Paul ignored the enemy of the Emperor. Gurney return accompanied by two Fremen who supported a captive Sardaukar. "I think this one's one of them, m'Lord," Gurney said. He signed to the guard to hold the police's paces in front of Paul. The Sardaukar's eyes, Paul , said, showed a glazed expression , to the stern. A soldier d the bridge of a sword to the corner of the sword. He was of the blond, chisel-featured Imperial look that seemed synonymous with rank among the Sardaukar, yet there were no features for his neck except the gold buttons with the Imperial crest and the tattered braid of his trousers. "I think this one's an officer, m'Lord," Gurney said. Paul nodded, said: "I am the Duke of Paul Atreides. Do you understand that, man?" He found him unmoving. "Speak up," Paul said, "or they may die." The man blinked, swallowed. "Who knows what?" Paul demanded. "I am the Duke ." the man husked. He seemed too close to Paul, but the Sardaukar had been the victim of the war for such happenings as this one was the Duke." Paul had not known his weakness. It was a weakness in mind, which, the man said, is a weakness in itself. He put that thought aside , adding to the consideration in his own