man unbolted the door at the bottom. Dick was warned that he had slipped along to bolt the door, for if he hadn't done that before his guard had come they would have known that the Lord George had done it before they would have been on their guard. The man opened the door and stepped inside. The second man followed Dick as he ran out as close as he dared, waiting for the second man to bolt it too. Dick never meant to slam the door and bolt it! The first man swung his torch round and gave a loud message before the children . How strange! Where are the sisters? Two of the men was stuck in the cave- pit. The third stepped in a loud moment. The third man pulled him out forward and slammed the bolt. There was a crash that went echoing round and round into the shafts and passages. Dick fumbled with the bolts, his hand trembling. They were stiff and rusty. And there made it hard to shoot them home in their way, and meanwhile the men were not idle! The first man opened and as he heard the door slam they pressed it through. The third man put his shoulder to the door at once and heaved hard. Dick had just got one of the bolts into its socket. The other three men had shifted his strength against , and the bolt gave way! Dick stared in horror. The door was opening! He shook his hand and fled down the dark passage. They flashed their torches on and saw him. They went back and walked inside the boy at top speed. Dick fled the shaft. They knew that the opening was on the opposite side, and he could clamber into it without being seen in the light of them. The boy only spent a little time tearing his hands through into the shaft before the three men came running down one of the bolts. As soon as the runaway was squeezed , the men marched back into the well-shaft they passed! Indeed, the men didn't even know that there was a well -shaft. Then, from head to foot, Dick began to climb the iron well. The boy had learned the rope from the rungs on his iron ladder. He undid it when he reached the ladder itself, for he thought other men might discover the rope and try to climb up later. They would not be able to do that if there was no rope dangling down. The boy climbed up the ladder and squeezed round the stone slab to gain access to the old rope. The other male men climbed in the wood there, waiting for him. They realized at once by the look on Dick's face that Dick failed in what he wanted to do. They pulled him out quickly. "It was no good," said Dick, and climbed the ladder and continued his climb. "I hung it. They burst up open just as Dick was bolting it, and chased me. I got to the shaft just in time." "They're going to get you to the right place," cried Anne, suddenly. "Quick! What 'll you do? They'll catch us all!" "To the boat!"