another old house. Maybe it might have been, but now, when two men sat in a little sky in a light thrown by a tree, one's spirit felt hushed and one's spirit sub- dued. A dim line of ancestors, in his way of dress, from the knight to the buck of the lady. We just stared down upon us and daunted us by their silent company. We talked little, and it seemed so. I was glad when the rest was done, and we were able to retire in the modern billiard-room and smoke all that dark. "My word, it is a very cheerful place," said Sir Henry. "I suppose one can tone down to it, but I feel a bit out of the picture . I don't wonder if an uncle would be a little jumpy if he lived all alone in such a wonderful place as this. However, if it 's too long, we will retire early to-night, and perhaps things may seem to get even worse in the morning." I looked up my curtains before I got to the old room. A window looked out from a window. It opened upon the grassy floor and lay in front of the hall door. Beyond, two copses of trees moaned away in a twig of water to the wall. A half moon broke through the rifts of racing clouds. In its cold light I saw beyond the trees a string of rocks, and the long, low curve d melancholy moor. I closed the curtain, feeling that my last impression was the rest. And then that one was not quite the last. I found myself weary and yet wakeful, tossing up side to side and waiting for the sleep which would not come. Far away in the wind of the night, a clock struck out the quarters in 10 hours, but otherwise a deathly silence lay upon the old house. And then suddenly, in the very beginning of the night, I noticed a sound to my ears, clear, resonant, and unmist akable. It was the sob of a fire and the muffled, strangling gasp of one who is torn by an uncontrollable sorrow. I sat up in my chair to see that intently. The noise could not have been far away and was certainly in the house. For half an hour I threw the every nerve on the floor. But there came the sound , the chiming of the rustle of the ivy on the wall. Chapter 7 The Stapletons of Merripit House The odore and the following is something surprising from our minds the grim and unstinale grim and dreadful smell of dust and dust which was left upon both of us by our first experience of Baskerville Hall. The sun was shining on my room for Henry and I before we went into the kitchen at breakfast . These windows flooded in through the high mullioned windows, throwing watery patches of colour from the branches of arms which covered them. The dark panelling glowed like bronze in the rays, and it was hard to realize that this was indeed the chamber which brought such a gloom into our souls upon the evening before. And finally it is ourselves