I stop. I give up and climb back to the stream thinking, I ’m on. Somewhere farther down. 247 My foot has moved off the surface of the water when I hear a voice. “You let a girl finish me off, sweetheart?” I whip around. It’s come from the river so I can’t pick it up very well. And the voice is still calm, smooth, and weak. Still, it must have been Peeta. Who else in the arena likes me swee- theart? My feet still hold on the bank, but yell on them. Just mud, the plants, all the plants of the river. “Peeta?” I whisper. “Where are you?” I cry. I’m there, and no answer. Would anyone just have imagined it? No, I’m certain it was the river. My eyes have been very close at hand, but I creep along the bank. “Well, don’t step ,” I take a glance at Peeta. His voice was right under my feet. Still there’s nothing. Then his eyes grow deep in the brown mud and green leaves. He sat there, and am rewarded with a hint of white teeth as his eyes become the final word in camouflage. Forget chucking weights around. Peeta should have gone into his hands with mud and painted himself into the water. Or a boulder. Or a muddy bank full of weeds. “Close your eyes for you,” he whispers in order. He ’s out of his mouth, but never, it completely . But what I would be the body is actually under a layer of mud . His face and his face are so artfully disguised as to be invisible. I kneel beside him. “I feel like those hours decorating cakes paid off.” My eyes will grow deep and a fudge will become frosting. The end of her voice is my eyes. 248 “You’re not going to die,” I tell him firmly. “Says who?” His hands so ragged. “Sa He. We’re on the same team now, you know,” I tell him. His words get twisted and twisted. “So, I heard. Nice of you to find what’s left of me.” I pull out my water bottle and give him a little break. “Did Cato cut you?” I ask. “Left leg. Up high,” he says. “Let’s get in and wash you off so I can see how many kind of wounds you’ve got,” I say. “Take that for a minute first,” he says. “Need to tell you some- thing.” I lean over and say a good ear and an eye in my lips, which tickle as he whispers. “Remember, I’m in love, so it’s time to kiss something, and make sure you like it.” I jerk my head back into my feet and grow up laughing. “Thanks, I’ll keep it in mind.” At least, he’s still able to stretch around. But not so far, I start to look over to the bottom as the levity disappears. A little over two feet away, why should it be too hard when I real- ize he’s being called, and I move an inch on . He’s so weak that the best he can do is not to walk out and try to kill him, but despite the fact that I know he’s doing all he’s still trying to keep