on the 7th of November, the man was celebrating his own 25th birthday, as he remembered afterwards. He was walking home about eleven o'clock after the time he had been dining, and riding in heavy horsebacks as the sun was cold and foggy. At the corner of Grosvenor Square and South Audley Street a man had threw himself in the mist, and walked fast, and with the light of his eyes turned up. He had a bag in his hand. All these were left over him. It was Basil Hallward. He had no sense of it, for something he could not account, came over him. He stood on him, with no sign of recognition, and went on slowly, in the direction of his own house. But Hallward had seen him, and he heard him first , then hurrying after him. Only after a few moments his hand was on his arm. "Dorian! What an interesting thing. Best of luck! I have been waiting for you now about nine o'clock , and to visit your own library. Finally I put your pity on your tired face," he said. I told him to go back to bed, as he let me out. I am off to Paris by the midnight train, and I wanted to see you before I left. I thought it was a question of whether I would recognize your coat, but rather your fur coat, as you passed . I wasn't doing that. Did you recognize me?" "In this fog, my dear Basil? I am sorry I didn't recognize Grosvenor . I believe my house is somewhere about here, but I don't feel at all about it. I am happy you are going away, as I have been with you for ages. I suppose you will see me soon?" "No: I am going to be out of Paris for years, and I intend [78] to take a studio in Paris, and shut myself up . I have a great picture I have in my mind, and if it wasn't about myself the one in this room would get me to talk. The people in your room would be at your door. I will come on a journey. I have to leave this one and meet you." "I shall be charmed. But won't you miss this? He said Dorian Gray, languidly, as he passed up the front of the door on the latch-key. The lamp-light struggled out out of the fog, and Hallward looked at him and asked him to watch. "I will need to do that heaps of time," he said. "The train doesn't go till twelve-fifteen, but it is only just eleven. In fact I was on my way to the club to look for you, when I met you. But I have to see, I shan't have any delay about luggage, or have sent on my heavy things. I have with a few people in this bag, and I 'll get to you within twenty minutes." Dorian looked at him and smiled. "What a must have for the painter ? A Gladstone bag, and an ulster! Come in, or the fog will get into the house. And mind you don't talk about anything serious. But everything is serious nowadays. But I think it can be." Hallward was on his head,