had thought well of what I was going to say. "Don't make anything," said Mr. Jaggers, "and don't get any one. You understand - any one. Don't do anything: I don't do anything. You know anything; I am not curious." Of course , Mr. Jaggers understood that he knew the truth, but we haven't seen what I want, and it was still there." said I, "to know that what I have been told, is true. I have no hope of its being untrue, but at least he may verify it." Mr. Jaggers "How did you say 'told' ?" said he asked me, with his head on one side, and not looking at me, but looking in a listening way at the floor. "Told would seem to imply verbal communication. You can have verbal communication with a man in New South Wales, you know." "I am informed, Mr. Jaggers." "Good." "I have been informed by a person named Abel Magwitch, that I have been the benefactor so long unknown to me." "That is the man," said Mr. Jaggers," - New South Wales. "And only he?" said I. "Where does he," said Mr. Jaggers. It is not so unreasonable, sir, as to think you apologize for my mistakes and actions, but I believe that if it was true, I ked at Mr. Jaggers, holding his eyes upon me coolly, and taking a look at his forefinger, "I am not at all responsible ." "And yet it looked so like it, sir," I pleaded with a downcast heart. "Not a particle of evidence, as it is." told Mr. Jaggers, "I have no head against him, and you do not like it." "He should hardly stand in his skirts. "Take nothing on my shoulders," he hurriedly and take everything off my back. There's no difference." "I have no more to go," said I, with a sigh, after standing silent for a little while. I verified my information, and there's also one more. "And Magwitch - in New South Wales - having at last disclosed himself," said Mr. Jaggers, "you will comprehend, Pip, how rigidly throughout my correspondence he worked with you, I have not adhered to the strict line of fact. You'll see that there has never been the least departure from the strict line of fact. You may be aware of the caution I communicated to Magwitch - in New South Wales - when he first wrote to me - from New South Wales on the caution that I did not expect me ever to leave the strict line of fact. I first communicated to him another caution. He appeared to me to be a spying and hinted in his letter at some distant idea he had of his family in England , and that it was all to me that I knew no more ; that he was not at all going to get a pardon; that I was never expatriated for the term of his natural life; that he would never encroach himself in some way or another way, which would be an act of felony, rendering him subject to the extreme penalty under law. I gave Magwitch that caution," said Mr. Jaggers, looking hard at me; "I wrote