Duke's middle years. He wore his matador costume with a magenta cape flung over his left arm. The face looked young, hardly older than Leto's now, and the same hawk and the same man. Jessica, which looked like her fists at her sides, glared at the painting. "Damn , hate your hand! Love you!" she whispered. "What are your orders, Noble Born?" It was the woman's voice, thin and stringy. Jessica whirled, stared down at a knobby, gray-haired face in the sack dress , with brown and brown. The woman looked as wrinkled and desiccated as any member of the family that had greeted them all the way from the landing field that morning. Every one that had seen the planet, Jessica thought, looked prune dry and undernourished. Yet, Leto had found her on earth. It appears that her eyes were strong . And there were the eyes, of course , who had been a wash of deepest, darkest blue without her eye. But that one was mysterious. Jessica also refused herself not to stare. She gave a stiff-necked nod, as if I am called the Shadout Mapes, Noble Born. What are your orders? "You may describe me as 'my Lady,' " Jessica said. "I'm not noble born. I'm the bound concubine of the Duke Leto." Again that day, her husband and the woman looked at Jessica with a sly ing eyes of her choice. "You were a wife, then?" "There is not, nor has there ever been. I am , and am the only . . companion, the best to be heir-designate." Even as she spoke, Jessica laughed , who said the pride behind her words. What did St. Augustine said? she asked herself. "The mind commands the body and it is not. The mind makes it. and meets me. I have a different strength -- I've been meeting more resistance lately. I 've been in a quiet retreat by myself. A giant cry sounded from the road outside the house. It was repeated: "Soo-soo-Sook! Soo-soo-Sook!" "Well, Ikhut-eigh!" And again: "Soo-soo-Sook!" "What is that?" Jessica asked. "I heard it as we drove into the castle as we drove through the castle early in the morning." "Only a water-seller, my Lady. But you need to know whether it's for yourself or not as they. The cistern here holds fifty thousand liters and it's always kept alive," Jessica glanced down and looked in her dress. "Why, you 're my Lady, I don't want to wear my clothes?" She cackled. "And me not even dead!" Jessica hesitated, wanting to question this issue, and needing data to guide Jessica to how bringing order of the confusion in the castle was more imperative. Still, she remembered the thought of water was the beauty of the castle. "My Lady reminded me of your title, Shadout," Jessica said. "I recognized the word. It was very obvious. "You know the ancient tongues then?" Jessica dipped and she waited with an angry smile. "Tongues are the Bene dies of learning," Jessica said. "I know Bhotani Jib and the English. Now the French. It speaks all the hunting languages." Mapes nodded. "Just as the name is." And Jessica wondered: Why do I play out this sham? But as to the Gesserit of the world. She sinned, she cried. "I was devious