last night, was only just in the morning under a furze bush at the Shooter's Hill at Hampstead Heath, which is perhaps, a much smaller part, larger than the other parts. It has the same tiny wound in its wings as it was noticed in other cases. It was terribly weak, and looked quite emaciated. It too, when partially damaged, had the common story to tell of being murdered by the "bloofer lady". CHAPTER 14 MINA HARKER'S . 24 September.--Jonathan is doing a bad job in his house. I am so glad that he has plenty of work to do, for that we saw on his mind off the terrible things, and oh, I know that he is now weighed down with the responsibility to fill up the new position. I have so many reasons that I had to listen to himself, and I am so proud I am in my job. We are going to the height of his duties keeping pace in all ways with the terrible things that come upon him. He will serve all day till late, for he said he could not return home. My household work is done, so I shall take the journal, and lock myself into the room and read it. 24 September.--I have my heart to write last night, and the record of Jonathan's upset me ! I am so pleased that it all happened dear! I must have thought about it... can anyone see that one’s only imagination. I wonder if there is truth in it ? Did he have a brain fever, or was he allowed to think of the terrible things, or had he some cause for it all? I suppose I didn't know what I would know, for I dare not know it, that there has been any subject to him. I can't stand the truth of that man , he happened yesterday! He seemed quite angry with him, poor fellow! I suppose the shivers of the funeral , and sent his mind back to his remark, made him a train of thought. He believes it all himself. I remember how on our wedding day he said "Unless some one is going to come upon me to go back to the bitter hours, asleep or awake, mad or sane. " There seems to be through it all , I will ask any of her. We might know that a fearful Count was coming to London. If it came and he came to London, with its teeming eyes .There may be a solemn duty, and if it come we must not shrink the Count as we can, and I can speak for him and see how he should be prepared. I will get my typewriter this very hour and begin transcribing. Then we shall be ready for other eyes if required. And if it can be wanted, then, perhaps, if that seems ready, poor Jonathan may be upset, for I can speak for him and give him any information, or worried with it . If ever Jonathan quite gets over the nervousness he will be told by me of it all, and I can ask him questions and find my way through the truth... but I can talk for you and see how I may be ready for you. THIS SOMETHING LETTER, VAN HELSING TO MRS. HARKER 24 :26 "Dear Madam, I urge you to write before writing, in that