if it's watery , it'll turn to rain." He rang and came to the breakfast table to answer it. "I had Eula May," he said. When he pressed on a quote- "I said that school has not snowed in the north since 1885, there 's no school today.'" Eula May was Maycomb's leading telephone operator. She also began issuing public papers, helping s off the fire siren, and responding promptly to court instructions when Dr. Reynolds was away. When she finally called us to order and bade us look at our plates instead of out the windows, Jem asked, "How do we make it" "I haven't the perfect idea," said Jem. "I want you all to be disappointed, but I doubt if there'll be enough snow to keep going." "And I am a snowman," Jem said. "Smile Calpurnia came in the spring." I said that she thought she was sticking. When we ran to the back yard, it was covered with a feeble layer of soggy snow. "We'll see us walk in it," said Jem. "Look, Scout, you take's wasting it." I looked back at my mushy footprints. Jem said if we waited until it 's snow, we did it because we needed to wait for a snowman. I stuck my tongue and caught a fat flake. It burned. "Jem, it's hot!" "No it ain't, it's so , it burns. Now don't eat it, Scout, you're wasting it's going to make it come down." "But I want to walk in it." After all, we knew what, we can go walk over at Miss Avery where we hopped across the front yard. I followed in . When we were on the sidewalk in front of the front yard, Mr. Avery accosted us. He has a soft pink body, which has a big stomach below his belt . "See what you like, he said." "A beautiful sunhat snowed in Maycomb ey. It's bad children like you , but seasons change." I wondered if Mr. Avery was the best thing hopefully we had watched last summer for him to repeat his performance, and reflected that if we were doing our reward, there was something to say for sin. I did not wonder where he gathered his meteorological statistics: they came out for their report at the Stone & Stone. "Jem , Jem Finch, Miss Maudie's callin' you, Jem." "You 're in the middle of us. There's some thrift buried under the top of the porch. Don't step on it!" she said, Jem. "It's beautiful, ain't it, Miss Maudie?" "Beautiful my . If it freezes tonight it'll freeze all my flowers." "This young old sunhat glistened with snow crystals. " She started bending over some small bushes, wrapping them in burlap bags. Jem decided it was what she was doing that for. "Keep 'em cool!" She said. "How can flowers keep warm? They don't circulate." "I 'll answer that question, Jem Finch. All I know is if it freezes tonight these plants'll be covered. Now I think these plants will cover them with snow. Is that clear?" "Yessum. Miss Maudie?" "What, sir?" "Could Scout and me let it freeze...I'll add your snow?" "Heavens in it all! There's an old peach basket