so that is that the Desmond, who is the next heir, is an elderly heir. He is a very amiable disposition, so a fear for persecution does not arise from him. I really think that we may eliminate him entirely from our calculations. There are many people who will actually surround Sir Henry Baskerville upon the moor." "Would it not be well in the first place to be married to this Barrymore couple?" "By that I must not make a greater mistake. If they are innocent it would be cruel injustice, and if they are innocent they should be giving up all chance of leaving the home to their neighbors. And no, we will preserve them upon our own suspects. Then there is a groom at work, if I remember right. We have two moorland farmers. There is Dr. Dr. Mortimer, whom I believe is very honest, and there is his wife, of whom we are both in good spirits. There is Dr. Stapleton, and there is his sister, who is called by the moor, who would also be a young lady of attractions. There is Mr. Frankland, of Lafter Hall, who is also an unknown , and there are one of those who have come in the other , but I think you are the folk who must be your only study." "I should do my best to do my best to give you any freedom. Do you have arms, I suppose?" "Yes, I thought it as if you would take them." " Keep friends near you night and day, and never relax your precautions." They had already secured a revolver and were waiting for us upon the platform. "No, we have no arms of any kind," said Dr. Mortimer in answer to my friend's questions. "I can swear at this thing, and that is that we have not been shadowed during the last two days. We had gone into a very stressful time , but the sharp line of our eyes had never been visible, and no one could have escaped . "The two had always kept together, but didn't." "Except yesterday , I usually give up one day and the other day, or in particular, when I come to town, so I will make it at the Museum of the College of Surgeons." "And I went to look at the folk in the park," said Holmes as we had no desire to leave your lands, or the park of any kind." "It was imprudent, at the same," said Holmes, shaking it at you and his grave. "I beg, Sir Henry, that you will not go about seeing it when a great misfortune will befall you if you do. Did you get your other boot?" "I think it is good forever." "They all are very interesting. Well, good-bye," he added as the train began to roll on the platform. "Bear in mind, it is a piece of the same old queer old legend which Dr. Mortimer has read to us that we have yet to moor in those hours of darkness when the sun and the light of the pond are exalted." I looked back into the plafform when we had left it far behind and saw the tall, austere figure of Holmes standing motionless and gazing after us. It was a swift and pleasant