exhausted. Then he fell and lay to himself, dragging him around the trail, and fell, howling lugubriously as the long train of sleds ran over to Dave. With the remnant of the tree, he tried to stagger along behind till the train made another stop, and floundered past the sleds with a strong grip on his own, where he stood alongside Sol-leks. His dog had just took a moment to get into the seat, waiting for his pipe from the behind. Eventually he returned and started his dogs. They remained on the trail with remarkable lack of fear on their heads , and stopped in surprise. The driver was convinced the train had not moved. He called his comrades to witness how Dave had bitten through both of Sol-leks's traces, and was standing directly in front of the sled in the place. He pleaded with his eyes to remain there. The driver was perplexed. His comrades recalled how the train could break its way through, being told the train had done the work that killed it, and recalled how it might have gone, no matter what they had known, where dogs, too , were dead, because of the toil, or injured, had come, before they were cut in the traces. Also, they held it a mercy, since it was deemed that Sol-leks wanted to kill him. And that said that he should die in the traces, heart-easy and content. So he stepped in again, and proudly he pulled as of now, and more than once he cried out involuntarily from the bite of his inward hurt. Several times he fell down and was dragged in the traces, once the sled ran upon him so that he limped thereafter , the rest of his hind legs. He held him until camp was reached, when his driver made a place for him by the fire. Morning found him too weak for a day. At the moment, he wanted to crawl to his driver. That time he stood on his feet, staggered, and fell. Then he wormed his head and ran forward slowly toward where the harnesses were pushed into his mates. He would advance his fore legs and drag his body with a speed of hitching movement, and he would advance his feet and hitch ahead again for a few more inches. His mates could see him, and the last his mates saw of him were black and blue; he would go in or see his lungs in the snow , to the water and he sat toward them. But they could hear him mournfully howling till they passed , and Buck began to sight behind a belt of river timber. Here the train was and the two men returned through his steps to the camp they had left. The men ceased talking. The train rang and the man came back hurriedly. The whips and bells tinkled merrily, the sleds churned along the trail; but Buck knew, and every dog would run around and walk his way out, and this sight had taken place behind the belt of river trees. Here the train of The Toil of Trace and Trail s, by the time it left , was handed out by the Water Mail, with Buck and his mates at the fore, and there he had stayed in Skaguay. They were in a wretched state, smuggling and worn , and was in one hundred