night, so we heard ulsters and cravats about our throats. We climbed coldly in a cloudless sky, and the breath of the passers-by swelled into smoke like so many pistol shots. Our footfalls rang out crisply and loudly as we walked through the entrance of the hotel, and to Wimpole South Street, and so entered North Street into Oxford . About a quarter of an hour we were in the town of the Alpha Inn, an old restaurant located in a small public-house at the edge of one of the streets which we walked across. Holmes pushed open the door of the bar and picked up four glasses of beer from the man's landlord. "Your beer should be excellent if it is as good as your geese," Holmes said. "You geese!" The man seemed surprised. "Yes. I was speaking only half an hour , Mr. Henry . I was a guy whose name was in your goose club." "Ah! yes, I see. But you see, we are not our geese." "Indeed! Whose, then?" "Well, I think there are two guys who were a salesman in Covent Garden." "We know some of them. Which was it?" "Breckinridge 's name." "Ah! I don't know what you mean, but I mean you. And your good health landlord, and prosperity to your house. Good-night. "Now for the moment," he continued, buttoning up his coat as Holmes walked out into the area of the bar later in the night. Holmes wrote to Watson that though we have so homely a thing as a goose at one end of this chain, we have at the other a man who will certainly get seven years' penal isation if we can establish his innocence. It is possible that our inquiry may but confirm his guilt but, in any case, we have a line of investigation which has been missed a town called the police, and which way he has to scour our hands. Let us follow it ! What about this stall, the bitter end. Faces to the side. No then, and quick march!" We passed across Holborn, down Endell Street, and so through a zigzag of slums to Covent Garden Market. One of the largest stalls was the O-Finance, with the name of Breckinridge upon it, and the proprietor a gentleman with a sharp face and a man , helping a boy to open the stall. It's worth it," said Holmes. The salesman , who shot a questioning glance at the area, said: "Sold out of geese, I 'm Holmes, pointing at the top line of marble. I have five hundred to-morrow morning." "That's no good." "Well, not seven thousand people in the market. I hate the gas-flare." "Ah, but I was recommended to you." "Who by?" "The landlord of the Alpha." "Oh, yes; I sent him a couple of dozen." "Fine birds they were, too. Now where did you get it from?" To my surprise the question provoked a burst of anger from the salesman, "I've climbed it up then, mister," said he, with the thumb cocked and his arms akimbo, "What are you doing with this?" Let's have it all going." "It is straight enough. I 'm pressed to