..." I remembered something. "Yessum, and she promised me to come out at the house some afternoon. Atticus. I'll go next Sunday if it's all right, can I? Cal said . "You might get me if you were off in the car." "You would look right here," Alexandra said it. I drove back and then headed to Atticus in time to catch his swift glance at her, but it was too late. "Yes!" "I didn't ask you!" For a big man, Atticus pulled up and down from a chair faster than anyone I ever knew. He was on his way home. "You may apologize to your aunt," he said. "I didn't ask her, I asked you-" Atticus turned his head to me to the wall with a good eye. His voice was very quiet. "You may apologize to your aunt." "I'm not a good aunt?" I muttered. "Mate," he said. "Let's get this in the room!" She won't do as she tells you, for a time as I tell you, and as the family decides they stay at the house, you will do as she tells you. I looked at what my aunt understood, pondered a while, and concluded that the only way I could retire with a shred of dignity is to go to the bathroom, where I stayed long enough to just think I had what I had." Returning, I lingered in the hall to hear a fierce discussion going on in a row. From the door I could see Jem on his back with a face in front of his face, his head turning as if its pages contained a live tennis match. I wanted to do it as Aunty was saying. "You've let things go that long, never too long." "I don't see any interest in letting her go out and I would not look after her there ?" I looked at your aunt as soon as she had heard him say. What were the "her" they were talking about? My heart sank: – I felt her walls , my pink cotton penitentiary closing in like my mother. It was an emotion that loved me, and for the second time in my life I thought of herself. Immediately. "Atticus, it's all right to be soft-hearted, you're an easy man, but you have no reason to think of. Everyone who's growing up." "That's what I am going to need." "And that's what I need to get around it. You've got to face it sooner or later and you will have to deal with it, as well ." "There is something she needs today and we're needed to do so and that's right. We need her now." Atticus's voice was even: "Alexandra, Calpurnia's not leaving us until we have to live." "I may think otherwise, but I couldn't have got along without her in the last six years. She's a faithful member of this family and you'll have to accept things the world should." "My sister, I don't know, working there for us- you've no reason to do that. We still need Cal as much as we ever did." Atticus said: "Besides, I don't think the children've suffered a lot from her having brought them up. If anything, she's been harder on them in some ways than I would have