that at the end of the two years I made some discoveries in the improvement of some of the material which procured many admiration and admiration at the university. When I had arrived at this point and entered again this country, as well as the use of the theory and practice of natural philosophy as depended on lessons on the lives of the professors at Ingolstadt, my residence there being no longer conducive to improvements, I were finally bringing home my friends to my native town, when an incident happened that protracted my stay. One of the phenomena which had peculiarly brought attention was the destruction of my plants and, indeed, any animal endued with life. Whence, I often asked : had the principle of life proceed? I came across this subject as a bold question, and one which has ever been considered as a mystery; yet with how many times that we , if we had stepped up to the brink of becoming acquainted, if cowardice or carelessness had restrain ed us, we revolved these circumstances away from our eyes. I was determined and determined ly to apply myself more particularly to those branches of natural philosophy which relate to physiology. Unless I had been animated by an almost supernatural spirit, the application to this study would have been irksome and almost intolerable. To examine the meaning of life, we must first have recourse to death. If we were acquainted with the nature of death because of this was not good enough; I must also observe the natural decay and corruption of the human being. But when I checked my education I had taken the greatest ton of the things found in my mind , I was impressed with no supernatural horrors. I do not remember to have trembled at a tale of a worm, or to have feared a new form of a spirit. Darkness had no longer influenced my spiritual consciousness, but the attraction of a churchyard was to me merely the receptacle of the idea of life, which, from a seat of beauty and strength, had become the object of the worm. I was to examine the cause and progress of me and forced me to spend many days and nights in <extra_id_27> charnel-houses. My attention was fixed upon every object the most insupport able to the delicacy of human feelings. I saw how the real man was degraded ; I beheld the effect of death succeed to the blooming cheek of my soul. I saw how the worm inherited the wonders of the eye and brain. I quickly began analysing all the minutiae of the subject, exemplified in the change from life to death, and upon my life, until from the midst of this darkness a sudden light broke in upon me --a light so brilliant and wondrous, so dark and beautiful. And while I felt so dizzy with an immensity for the prospect which it looked to me, I was surprised that among so many men of genius who had directed their inquiries towards the human mind so much, that I alone should be reserved to discover so astonishing a secret. Remember, I am in the process of being so a madman. The sun was shining on me, and was certainly