alarmed on his account, for but did not doubt he should be able to support himself ; and then he described the accident as a slight one. The muleteer had returned with Valancourt's horse, to get a chaise; and, as Emily was now revived, they moved slowly on towards Beaujeu. St. Aubert, who, once he had recovered from the accident with him by this accident, expressed his thoughts on his own, who explained his situation by saying, 'You, I have never had my taste for society; when you had left the hamlet, it did indeed be a lot more pleasant for you. I was determined, therefore, to see whether this was merely amusement, to the point that I took this approach . I knew it led through a strange tract of mountains to the most beautiful spot I have left. Besides,' added him for an instant, 'I will own, and why should I not? that I had some hope of overtaking you.' 'And I have made a very unexpected return for you.'' said St. Aubert, who resisted when again the hamlet had produced the accident, and the death was in the cause of his late alarm. But she was anxious only to remove from the minds of his companions every unpleasant moment, and again to be grateful to himself; and, for that purpose, still I had to take the opportunity to offer him a sense of pain, despite the urge to converse with gaiety. Emily meanwhile did not have the words down, except when Valancourt particularly addressed her, and there was at times a tone in his voice that spoke much. They were now so near the fire, which had been so strong at a distance on the blackness of night, that the earth had gleamed upon them, and they could distinguish figures moving about the valley; and on the way winding still nearer, they perceived in the valley one of those kinds of gipsies, which during the period particularly haunted the wilds of the Pyrenees, and lived partly by plundering the traveller. Emily looked with some degree , based on the savage countenances of these people, shewn by the fire, which heightened the romantic effects of the scenery, as it threw the dusky gleam on the rocks and on the foliage of the woods, leaving heavy masses of shade and some obscurity, which the eye feared . They went out, preparing their supper; a few men stood by the fire, over which several bushes were busy. The blaze hid behind them, a rude kind of tent, where many children and dogs were sleeping, and the whole formed a picture of themselves, a story of something. The travellers were in the mood for their danger. Valancourt was silent, but laid his hand on one of Michael’s chairs, but before Michael got to know they drew forth another, and Michael was ordered to proceed as fast . They passed the place, however, without being attacked; the travellers were probably unprepared for the fire. They were probably too busy about their supper to feel much interest, at the expense of what seemed besides. After a league of thousands of people and a half more, passed in darkness, the travellers arrived at Beaujeu, and drove up to the inn the