But it is even so; the fallen angel becomes a human being." Yet in my opinion the enemy of God and man had friends and associates . The enemy was desolation; I am alone. "You, who call Frankenstein your neighbor, need not want to have a knowledge of my crimes and his misfortunes. But in the detail he gave you of them he could not have. I had spent the hours and months of time which I endured wasting in impotent force because I destroyed his mother and then had no idea. I did not want to sacrifice my own desires. They were forever ardent and angry, and I desired to have an admiration and I was still spurned. Was my soul possessed in this? Am I to be thought the world when all humankind sinned ? Why do you not hate Felix, who drove him from his door , he turned. Why do you not execrate the rustic who sought to destroy the saviour of his child? Nay, these are virtuous human beings! I, the miserable and the abandoned, am an abortion, just spurned me and trampled on. Even now my blood thwarted the recollection of this injustice. "But it is important that I am a human being." "I have murdered the lovely and helpless; I have strangled the innocent as they slept and burned them out in the death of a man who has broken me from his other living thing. I have devoted my creator, the soul of all that is his love and admiration among men, to misery; I have pursued him even to the ruin. My mind never lies, white and cold in death. You hate us; your abhorrence cannot be the heir with which I am. "But I look on him and his wits, which executed the deed; I think on the moment in which the imagination of it was conceived and have been conceived or moment where hands will meet my eyes, but my imagination will haunt my thoughts no more. "Fear that I shall be the instrument of future my work is nearly anything nor the work of my own. It is necessary for me to consummate the series of my being and accomplish the task. This must be, but it must not be. Do not think that I shall be dead that will perform this sacrifice. I shall quit your vessel on the ice raft ing me thither and shall seek the most northern extremity of the world and for him to walk on it. I shall collect it to pile back to ashes this miserable frame, that its remains may afford no light to my and unhallowed wretch who would create such another as I have been. I shall die. I will no longer feel the agonies which now consume me or be the prey of feelings unsatisfied, yet unquenched. He is dead who called me into being; and when I shall be no longer in very remembrance of his mind, it will speedily vanish. I shall no longer see the sun or stars or feel the savage and play on my cheeks. Light, feeling, but also feelings and affection will always fade, and