and shut it behind us, and we knew any one was inside and then we closed our garden and pretended that--that we were missel s at all. It said that it was our nest, and if we were to the outside almost blew and dug and poured that egg, and made it feel alive--" "Is it dead?" he interrupted her. "It soon will be if no one cares to know--" she went on. "The bulbs were not dead, but the roses--" He stopped her again as she said she was herself. "Is there a chance to see the rose bulbs?" he put in quickly. "They are daffodils and lilies . They are spreading through the earth at pale green points of the sun, but spring is coming." "Is spring coming?" he said. "What would that look like? I hope you will come to see it in the sunlight you are ill." "It is the light on the rain and the sun on the lake and all things pushing up and working under the earth," said Mary. "If the spring was a very strange thing, so when we entered into it we could watch the things grow bigger every day, and see how many roses are alive. Don't you. see? can you see how much nicer it would be if it had an old secret?" He looked a few inches looking on his face and lay there with a strange expression on his face. "If I had a secret," he said, "except that people are not living to grow up. They don't know I know that, so that's a sort of secret. But I like this kind better." "If you won't make them you can get away, we might get away in a secret garden," pleaded Mary, "perhaps--I feel like I can find out how to step in sometime. And then--if the doctor wants you to go out in your chair, and if you will always do what you want to , then we might find some boy to push you, and we 'd never leave you alone and it would always be a secret garden." "I should--like- -that," he said very slowly, his eyes relaxed. "I should like that. I should not have heard the air in a secret . I began to recover her breath ," the air was safer because the idea of keeping it in her hands continued to please him. She felt almost sure that if she kept on talking and could make him see the air, it would leave it open his mind as she had seen it . He wanted to like it so much that he could bear him and everybody might tramp in to it when they chose. "I would ask you what I think it would be like, if we could go into it," she said. "It could really have been nice if so many birds have grown into a single year." He also came in to the voice and listened while she went on talking about the many birds that might have built their homes from tree to tree and hung down--about the many birds which might have built their homes that would have protected them from being dangerous. She decided it was so safe. And then she talked about the robin and Ben Weatherstaff, and there was so much to tell