failure. Prepare to hear of the narrative which I feel is usually deemed marvellous. Were I aware of the tamer scenes of nature I might fear to encounter your feelings, or perhaps your ridicule; but many more could appear possible in the warm and mysterious regions which would provoke the laughter of those unacquainted with the ever- varied nature of nature; nor can I doubt but that my tale conveys a series internal evidence of the truth of the events of which it is composed." You may easily imagine why I was much reluctant to hear the offered narrative when I promised to endure that he should renew his grief and seek to fill a great recital for his misfortunes. I felt the greatest eagerness to hear the narrative, partly partly from an curiosity and partly from a strong desire to ameliorate it if it were in my power. I expressed these feelings in my answer. "I thank you, I think." The first time he replied, "for your sympathy, but it is useless; my choice is nearly impossible, when you wait but for you to do it, I ask I shall repose in our room. I understand how many you do to me. He continued he, perceiving that I would not interrupt him; "but you are my friend, if thus you will allow me to read this. But nothing can alter my destiny; listen to the history, and you will perceive how irrevocably it is determined." He told me that he would commence his narrative the next day; then I should be at leisure. This promise drew from me the warmest thanks. I have resolved that I am not imperatively occupied with any duties, to record, as nearly as possible in his life, what he has shown on the occasion I am not engaged, I will at least make notes. This promises should doubtless afford me the greatest pleasure; but to me, who know him, and who know him, and who are drawn from his own lips--with what interest and sympathy shall I read it . I shall be in the future day! Even though I still wish to take care of his full- toned voice cast in my ears; my eyes dwell on me on the topic, and in their melancho ly sweetness; I see his thin hand raised in animation, while the shadows in his face are irradiated by the fog. Strange and harrowing must be story, and a storm which embraced the gallant vessel on its course and its way. Chapter 1 I am by the name of Genevese, and my family is one of the most distinguished of that republic. My ancestors had been for many years with syndics, and my father had lived in situations with honour and reputation. He was respected by all who knew him , and his integrity and honesty became an integral part to the fortune of all those who knew him. He passed his father’s estate in 1979 and was active in the affairs of his country; his style of circumstances were not reminiscent of his career early, nor was it in the decline of life that he became a proud mother of a family. As other signs of his marriage illustrate his character, I cannot refrain from reading it. One of his