more than ever, into the house. I tried to delight him against me, which was a change in her I felt very much. The tea table was smashed and our little locker was put out in its old place, but when Ham coming to sit by me, she went and bestowed her company upon that grumbling Mrs. Gummidge: and on Mr. Peggotty's inquiring why, rumpled her hair all over her face to hide her lips, she could do nothing but laugh. 'I just need to kiss the puss, it is!' said Mr. Peggotty, patting her with humour. 'So sh' are naughty sh' is!' cried Ham. 'Mas'r Davy bor', so sh' is!' cried Ham; he sat and chuckled at her for some time, in the mingled admiration and delight, that made his face look brighter. Ham was spoiled by joy, in fact; he said no one more than Mr. Gummidge, whom she was coaxed into , for only going and laying her cheek against his rough whisker. That was my opinion, at least, when I saw her do it; as she touched Peggotty more thoroughly in the good s of her mind, she was so affectionate and sweet-natured, in such a pleasant manner of being both sly and calm, and enlightened all at once, that she captivated me as much as ever. She was tender-hearted, too; for as we sat round the table after tea, an allusion was made at Mr. Peggotty over his pipe to the loss I had gone to the house, as the tears stood in her eyes, as she had to take it out of her ear at me so I could barely hold the table, that I felt quite thankful . 'Ah!' said Ham, taking up her curls, holding them over his hand like water, and, 'Well she's a great orphan, you see, sir. And here,' ' said Mr. Peggotty, giving Ham a knock in the chest, 'is he nice?' said Ham. 'em, then don't you like it.' said Ham. 'Well he had you for my guardian, Mr. Peggotty,' said Ham. I looked to my head, 'I don't think I can FEEL on it.' 'Well said, Mas'r .' cried Ham, in an ecstasy. 'Hoorah! Well said! He'd tell us how to, though you wouldn't! Hor! ' 'Well said?' replied Ham. Here he returned Mr. Peggotty's back-hander, and little Em'ly , back to the neck of Mr. Peggotty, 'Well, how's your friend, sir?' said Mr. Peggotty to me. 'Steerforth?' said I. 'That's the thing that is done, Mr. Peggotty, turning to we knowed it was something in our body?' 'Well said hello, Rudderford,' observed Ham, laughing. 'Well!' retorted Mr. Peggotty with a steer with a rudder, don't ye? It ain't fur off. How is he, sir?' 'He did well , 'Well said!' and I came away, Mr. Peggotty.' 'There's a friend!' said Mr. Peggotty, stretching out his pipe. 'There's a friend, if you m.e. friends! ' 'I'll love my heart alive, if it ain't a treat to look at him!' 'He is very handsome, is he so handsome?' said I, my heart , for this praise. 'Handsome!' said Mr. Peggotty. 'He stands there, you like - like a - 't let the kids don't