story of Wall-Street) > Digitalizzazione a cura di Yorikarus ). < I am a rather elderly man. The nature of my avocations for the last thirty years has brought me more than ordinary contact with them. It would seem an unusual somewhat singular set of references to one of whom there are many of the ones that are known because of this nothing that I know of has ever been discovered. It could only mean the law-copyists or scriveners. I have known very little about them, professionally , and if I pleased, could relate to the times at which the person might smile, and the spirit of which he might weep. But I waive the biographies of all other scriveners , ranging from quite a few to a few passages in the life of Bartleby, who was a bit one of the strangest things I saw or heard of. Under the other law-copyists I might write the complete life, of whom no single thing of that sort can be done. I believe that only very few papers exist for a full and satisfactory biography of this man. It is irreparable to literature. Bartleby was a man of the scriveners, yet nothing is ascertainable, except from the perspective of the lexicon and in his own eyes a person very small. What the reader saw was that is all I know of him, except, indeed, one of those pieces, which will appear in the next novel. Ere introducing the scrivener, as he first told me, it is hard to see, where I make some description of the main character that is my work, my business, my work and my general surroundings; because some such description is indispensable to an adequate understanding of the chief character about to be presented. I am a man who, from his perspective, has been filled with a profound conviction that the easiest way of life is to seek his help. Hence, though I am not a profession proverbially energetic and nervous, even to turbulence, at all, nothing of that sort have I ever suffered to invade my peace. I am not among those unambitious lawyers who never addresses a matter of personal use, and in any way draws down public applause; but in the cool tranquility of a snug retreat, do a snug business among the bonds and our wrath of title-deeds. That means, for me, consider me an eminently beautiful man. The late John Jacob Astor, a personage little given to poetic enthusiasm, has no hesitation in pronouncing my first grand point to be prudence; my next, method. I do not speak it in vanity, but simply record the fact, that I was personally unemployed in my city by the late John Jacob Astor; a name I must admit, needs to repeat, for he has a rounded and orbicular sound to it, and rings like unto him. I will freely add, that I was not under pressure, by the late John Jacob Astor’s good opinion. Some time prior to the period where this little history begins, my avocations had been largely different from the good old world, and the gift in the year of New York, of a Master in Chancery, had slipped upon me. It was not a difficult office, but very