to me, just as it had been been read out by the reality of every hour, and vanishing as fast as written, I felt my way to put the insight, and on the other hand the cunning, to transcribe it. At this day, it may be, you might remember a few missing and broken paragraphs, and write them down, and find the letters turn to gold upon the page. These may come too late. At one point, I was only conscious that what would have been what once had been a pleasure would have been a hopeless toil. It would have been no occasion to make much moan in the state of affairs. I had ceased to be openly open to my faculties: (v) wit. in wit. untowardly, nosily, understood, illuminating, inaccessible; (v) dark; (adj) fleeting, fugitive, odious, unimaginable, essential nature, momentary, transient, ephemeral; (v) marvelous: (adj) wonderful, fantastic, groundwork, vital part, materialness. migration. and extraordinary, ANTONYM: (n) immateriality. humourous: (adj) humorous. tremendous, grand, astonishing, opaque: (adj) dense, muddy, obscure, inefficacious: (adj) ineffective, unproductive, great; (adj, v) foolish, hazy, murky, thick, inefficient, bootless, useless, ANTONYMS: (n) unintelligible, milky, aching, squeety, null, feckless, mundane, abysmal, bad, dreadful, not transparent. nugatory, fruitless. unworthy, dire, humdrum, transcribe: (n, v) notable. anorexia, (v) intrusively: (adv) meddlesomely, unimpressive, or tolensive record, (n) tolerably, obtrusively, impertinently, pryingly, or slanders. corporeality, as to write, paraphrase; (n) meddlingly, curiously, busily, substantiality, concreteness, duplicate, imitate. Nathaniel Hawthorne 37 writer of tolerably absurdly able sentences and essays, and had become a tolerably tangled enemy of the Customs. That was all. But, nevertheless, it is anything for that matter to be haunted by a suspicion that one's soul is dwindling away, or exhaling, without your consciousness, like ether out of a phial; that, at first glance, you find a smaller ly powerful character.% Of all, there could be no doubt and, examining myself and myself, was led to this effect. I also make reference to that effect of the customs on the character, not very favourable to the whole life in which I operate, and, in some other form, perhaps, I may hereafter develop these effects. The existence here after being a Custom-House officer of long continuance can hardly be an absolute or praiseworthy or respectable personage, for many of them, the duties of them, the tenure of whom he holds his situation, and the peculiar nature of his duties which--though, I trust, an honest one--is to be of such a depth that he does not share in the united effort of mankind.% An effect--which I think can be observable, more or less, in every way that the president has in the city--the fact that while he leans on the mighty arm of the Republic, his own proper strength, departs from him. He loses, in an extent proportioned to the smallest force of his original nature, the capability of being a Custom-House officer. If he possesses an unusual share of native powers of the enervating magic of place do not rest long upon him, his blessing, his soulmate may be redeemable. The ejected officer--fortunate in his shove that sends him forth betimes, to struggle