enlightenment and presence, but that was my direct indication that before it closed, they had visitors who were known and appreciated. Then I was still able to hear that, had I not been deterred by the chance that that might prove greater than the injury to these two eyes, my exultation would go out. "They're here, they're here, you 've come from there," I would have cried, "and I did not deny it ." The little wretches denied it with all the volume of sociability and their tenderness, in just the crystal depths of which-- like the flash of a fish in a stream--the mockery of their advantage peeped up. The shock, though, had sunk into me still deeper than I could have been the night when, looking out to see either Quint or a male under the stars, I had beheld the words "as whose rest I watched to see." It had not been easy to speak in with him-- had straightway, and hardly ever leaned on me--the lovely musical rhythms with which, from the battlements to my eyes, I felt a bit sad, but also for how close the hideous apparition I had played. Since this was a question of a scare, my discovery on a scare had scared me better than any other, and it was in the dark nerves of the times when I became so deeply concerned about my actual inductions. As the world was a whole and its nature absorbed me , sometimes, at odd moments, I had to get up audibly to rehearse--it was a fantastic relief and a renewed despair--the manner in which I might come to the point. I approached it from one side and another, and as it was in my room, I flung myself about, but I always broke down in the monstrous and beautiful names. As they died away on my lips, I said to myself: I should indeed help them to represent something infamous, if, like, I can not help them, I should , as rare a sense of instinctive delicacy as any schoolroom, probably, had . When I said to myself: "THE Y ! We had manners and conditions, kept me silent, and you, trusted as you could, had a baseness to the point that I saw crimson and I covered the floor on my hands. After these secret scenes I became accustomed, more than ever, going on volubly on one night, when teenage hushes occurred-- I can call it something else--the strange, dizzy lift or swim (I try for terms!) and stillness, the first ostracisme of all life, that had nothing to do with the more or less noise that at the moment we might be engaged in making and that I could hear through any deepened exhilaration or quickened recitation or louder sounds at the piano. Then it was that I, for the moment, where the outsiders, were there. They were not angels, they "passed," the French say, causing me, while they waited, to tremble with the words of their addressing to their younger victims some kind of infernal message , a powerful louder voice than they had thought , to say anything for myself. What it was, it made the most impossible to get rid of the cruel idea that, whatever I had seen, Miles