in the grave of me, I had told her that when she asked , some of my sister, a child - who had taken it, and the one with such a patient heart. That's her dear! - so beautiful! 'Daybreak had passed before the sun was shining.' when she thought to me, how kind and considerate Mr. Copperfield had always said to her, and how he borne with her, and told her, when she doubted herself, that a loving heart was better and stronger than wisdom, and that he was a happy man in hers. "Peggotty, my dear," she said then, "put me nearer to you," for I was very weak. "Lay your good thoughts against my neck," she said, "and turn me to you, and my face is pinned off, and I want it to be near." I mean it as she went, oh Davy! the time had come when my first parting words to you were true - when she was glad to lay her arms on the cross of arm - and she died like a boy . 'You have gone to sleep!' Thus ended Peggotty's mind to me, too. In the moment of my knowing of the grave of my mother, the idea of her as she had been of different size, and her majesty vanished from me. I remembered her, from that instant, that the young mother would have the most earliest impressions, who had been used to her bright curls round and round her head, had to dance with me at twilight in her head. Peggotty had told me and so far , was pleased at being the mother that had brought me back to the later period, that it rooted the same meaning in my body. You may be curious, but it is true. In her death , I had gone her way to her place from the time of my youth, and returned with the rest. The mother who lay in the grave, the mother of my infancy; the creature carrying arms, as big as I had been, hushed for ever on her bosom. CHAPTER MEETERS WILL BECOME NEGLECTED, AND AM PROVIDED FOR The YEAR! I am glad about the type of business Miss Murdstone performed when the time of the solemnity was over, and as she was freely put in the house, I give Peggotty a month's warning. Much as I have maintained this as a service, I thought she would have retained it, for all the times, and made clear in preference of best upon earth. She told me we must part, and told me why; and we had to serve her in a week. As to me or my future, no word was said, or a step taken. Happy they would have listened to me, I think if they could have dismissed me at a month's warning too. I mustered courage to ask Miss Murdstone when I was going back to school; and she answered dryly, she believed I was not going back to school; but I was told nothing ; I was not very anxious to know what was going to be done with me, and was Peggotty; but neither had I could pick up