he wrote on the computer, palely, mechanically. It was, of course, an indispensable part of a scrivener’s business to verify the accuracy of his personal papers, word by word. When there were one or more scriveners in an office, we could be each other on an examination, one reading from the copy, the other holding the original. It is an absolute dull, wearisome, and lethargic affair. I can readily tell if, to some sanguine temperaments it would be altogether that same. For example, I cannot credit that a scrivener would not have come down with Bartleby to examine a law for say five hundred pages, closely written in a small newspaper. Now in the haste of business, it had been primarily for me to obtain some good results for myself, calling Turkey or Romania for this purpose. One object I had encountered , especially when it made Bartleby so handy to me behind the screen, was to avail myself of his services on such trivial occasions. It was on the third day, I think, of his being with me, and before any such claim had arisen for having his own writing s, he knew without being much hurried to complete a small affair I had in the office and abruptly called to Bartleby. In my haste and fear of compliance, I sat with my head as he left out the original on my desk, and my right hand sideways, and somewhat nervously stopped. Then he asked me to work to my left so that immediately upon emerging from the room, Bartleby might snatch me away and proceed to write it with the least delay. This very attitude did not occur in my room when I called to him, rapidly stating what else I wanted him to do—namely, to examine a law for my work with me. Imagine my surprise, nay, my consternation, when without moving beyond my privacy, Bartleby in a mild, firm voice, replied, “I apologies not to.” I sat awhile in perfect silence, rallying my stunned faculties. Immediately it . He assured me that my mouth could have deceived me, or had been an entirely different meaning. I repeated my request in the clearest tone I could possibly. But in quite as clear a one came his reply, “I would prefer not to.” “Prefer not to,” echoed I, rising in the seat of the room and entering the room into stride. “What do you do to? What? I am genuinely moon-struck? I want to have thrown this way round it,” and I thrust it towards him. “I would prefer not to,” said he. I looked at him as his tongue was leanly composed; his gray eye dimly calm. Not a wrinkle of agitation rippled him. Had there been the least uneasiness, anger, impatience or irritation in the room in other words, had there been any thing you would have heard about him, doubtless I should have dismissed him in the room as something I should have as soon thought of turning my pale plaster-of-paris bust s out of doors. I stood gazing at him awhile, and went on with his own writing, and he was looking right at