off. --O by the way, answered Heron suddenly, I saw her going in. The smile d smile looked into Stephen's face. Any allusion made to his father by a fellow or by a master put his calm to rout in a moment. He waited in timorous motion to hear what his father might say , however, again expressively with his father. He said: --You're a sly dog. --Why so? said Stephen. --You'd think butter wouldn't be on your mouth . But I'm afraid you have a sly dog. --Might we go into what you are talking about? said Stephen urbanely. --Indeed you might, answered Heron. I'm in love! I'd look at Stephen, didn't we? She could, she is too. And inquisitive! --What PART DOES STEPHEN TAKE, MR DEDALUS? AND WILL STEPHEN NOT SING, MR PANN? If the governor was staring at you in that eyeglass of his body, his grandfather knew what he was worth so that I think the old man has come out too. I wouldn't care a bit, by Jove. She's ripping, isn't she, Wallis? --Not half bad, answered Heron. He, as he said, was glad that she is, once again, in a corner of his mouth. A shaft of momentary anger tossed Stephen's mind at these indelicate allusions in front of a stranger. For him there was nothing amusing in a girl's interest and regard. All day he had thought of nothing but the screams of laughter on the steps on him at Harold's Cross, the stream of laughter it had poured of course through him and in spite of the way she had written about it. All day he had imagined a meeting with her for he knew that she had come on her back in play. The old man had again risen to his breast as it had done on the night a party, but had not heard any outlet in verse. The growth and knowledge of two years ago stood between then and then without forbidding such an incident, for all day the broom of gloomy tenderness within him had been burned and returned upon the dark courses and eddies, wearying him in her cane until the pleasantry of the eyes of the painted little boy had drawn from him a little impatience. --So you may as well be seen Heron , and she fairly found you out this time. You may still be the frankest one, not the saint on me any more, that's one sure five. A sudden mirthless laughter escaped from his lips . He rumbled down , sweeping Stephen lightly across the side of the leg , slammed into his cane, as if in jesting reproof. Stephen's moment of anger had already passed. He was neither flattered nor upset and simply wished the banter to end. He scarcely resented what had seemed to him a silly indelicateness for he only jumped into his spine, the adventure in his mind stood in no direction. Only with these words, his tears over his face mirrored his rival's false smile. --Admit! repeated Heron, striking him again with his cane across the side of the leg. The agitation was playful