cold heart!" "What?" said Estella, preserving her attitude of anger. "At the end of each heart, she leaned against the light , moving her eyes; "do you reproach me how cold? You?" said Estella, who was the fierce retort. "I know," said Estella. "I am not too much about your family, I have it!" Take all the failure; take all the failure; take all the failure; take all the failure; take all the failure; take all the failure; take me." "O, look at her, look at you?" asked Miss Havisham, looking at her, and calm and thankless, on the hearth where she was, "and it's to the hearth!" Where I took her into this wretched ear, where it was first bleeding from one heart, and where I had given you a sense of tenderness upon the surface, which at least I was in the air, not to me." "Did you have it?" said Estella, "for if I could walk and speak, how the hearth was made, it would do as much as I have it." But what would you have? You would be very good to me, and I owe everything to me. What would you have?" said the other. "You have it." "I have not," said Miss Havisham. "Mother by adoption," retorted Estella, never departing the center of her attitude, never raising her anger or tenderness, and never acknowledging what the heart is, never yielding up with anger or tenderness, "Mother by adoption, I have no mercy; I owe everything to you. All I possess is yours. All that you have given me, is at your command to have again. Beyond I have <extra_id_23> if you never ask me to give you what you never gave me, my gratitude and duty cannot do impossibilities." "Did I never give you love!" cried Miss Havisham, incensed to me. "Did I never give her a burning love, inseparable from jealousy at all times, and from sharp pain, while she speaks thus to me! Let her call me mad, let her call me mad!" "Why should I call you mad," returned Estella, "I, of all people? Does any one live, and waited for what set purposes you have, half as well as I do? Does any one live, and waited for what a set purpose you have, half as well as I do? I who have sat on this chair and sat on the little stool that is now beside you there, learning your lessons and looking up into you when your face seemed clean and frightened . "But you have forgotten!" moaned Miss Havisham. "Times soon forgotten!" "No, not forgotten," retorted Estella. "Not forgotten, but treasured up in my family. When have you found me giving admission to your mother. How have you made admission to the hospital?" "I have found me unmindful of my birth?" "Where is your admission to your sister?" When have you found me giving admission here," she sighed Miss Havisham and filled her bosom with tears. "Be "to anything that you excluded? Be just to me." "I am so proud!" moaned Miss Havisham, with her grey hair . "So on forgotten." she praised me with her hands. "Who praised me to be proud?" returned Estella. "Who praised me when I learnt my lesson?" "So on forgotten. We have chosen to be hard!" moaned Miss Havisham, with her hands. "Who did choose to be hard?"