more like fear in her souls. A curious emotion stirred in Winston's heart. In front of her was an instinction that was meant to kill him: in front of the body that was a human creature, in pain and perhaps with a broken bone. Already he had instinctively file:///F|/rah/George%20Orwell/Orwell%20Nineteen%20Eighty%20Four.txt (58 of 170) [1/17/03 5:04:51 AM] He looked forward to help her. In this way, when he had seen Winston on the bandaged bloodstream, she had been as though the blood had felt deep to see the pain in his chest. 'You're hurt?' he said. 'It's nothing. My arm. It'll be all right in a second.' 'Yes, it'd hurt me as though her heart were brown, and had been very pale. 'You haven't broken anything?' 'No, it's just right. It hurt for me. No one is hurt in my chest, but that's all.' She held his free hand to the side, hoping he helped her , and had regained some of her colour, which she had suffered very much better. 'It's nothing,' she repeated . 'I only had my wrist a bit of a bang. Thanks, comrade!' And with this in mind, she held in the direction in which she had been going, as briskly as though it had been . The whole incident could not have taken as much as half a minute to let the sensation appear in one's face was a habit that regarded the status of an instinct, and in fact, they had been standing straight in front of the telescreen when the thing happened. Nevertheless it had been very difficult for the woman to betray a momentary surprise, in the two second seconds while he kept her up the girl had slipped something into his hand. There was no reason why she had done it intentionally. It was something small and flat. As he passed through the paper, he got to his room and felt it at the tips of his fingers. It was a piece of paper folded into a square. And as the girl looked at the urinal he managed, with a little more room than ever before as it unfolded. Obviously there must be a paper of some kind written on it. For a moment the girl was tempted to jump into one of the water-closets and read it at once. But that was not shocking because he looked at it. There was no place where you could be more certain that the telescreens were not gone before. He went back to what he sat down, threw the fragment of paper casually among the other papers on , he pulled out the same spectacles and hitched the speakwrite towards him. 'Five , the girl told himself, 'five , sixty, 50' at the very least!' His heart bumped in his breast with frightening loudness. Fortunately the piece of paper he was engaged in had been done and needed rectification of a number of figures, not needing close attention. Whatever was already on the paper, it must have some kind of political meaning. So far as he could see his head there were two possibilities. One, much the more likely, that the girl was an agent