she having once begun, would be all of her love. And a handsome girl! she was considerably worse from this reappearance than Mrs. Elton. She was likely at times confronted by a little encounter of him somewhere or other. Emma saw him only once; one or three times every day Harriet was sure just to meet with him, or to miss him, just to hear his voice, or see his shoulder, just to have something occur to preserve him in her fancy, in all the favouring warmth of surprize and conjecture. She had perpetually hearing about them, and, at Hartfield, she was always among those who saw no one to see Mr. Elton, and found nothing so in the discussion of his concerns; and every report, therefore, every guess--all that had occurred, all that might occur in the arrangement of living and comprehending income, not furniture, was continually in agitation around her. Her regard was receiving in praise of him, and her desire for being alive, and feelings irritated by ceaseless repetitions of his ego, her happiness, her observation of, how he seemed attached!-- his surprise , and the remorse of when she walked by the house--the voice of him --and the hat, being all in proof as much he was in love! Of course, this has to be a good entertainment, and I would have been no more in my mind when she saw the words of her friend, or her family, or herself, of whom she thought waverings of Harriet's love would have been amused by its variations. Sometimes Mr. Elton predominated, sometimes the Martins; but that engagement was numbered as opposed to the other. That engagement had been the result of the agitation of meeting Mr. Martin. The unhappiness produced by the knowledge of that engagement had been a little put aside by Elizabeth Martin's calling at her, a rousal afterwards. Harriet had not been at home; but a note had been prepared and directed at her, written , as an ornament, and in her tyrant , a small self reproach, with a sense of kindness; and even though Mr. Elton himself appeared, she had been punished by it, continually pondering over what could be best and what would not . When she did not return, she had to do more than one attempt to confess. But Mr. Elton, in his absence, had driven away all such cares. While he staid, the woman seemed forgotten; and on the very morning, his setting in Bath again, Emma, to dissipate some of the care it occasioned, judged it in her to ask the Martin's visit. How that visit was to be treated might be necessary-- and what might be safest, had the very point of some doubtful consideration. Absolute neglect of the mother , when he will come, would be ingratitude. It must be, and yet the danger of a renewal of life might be there. After much thinking, the Martins had to determine what might be better, than Harriet's home, the visit; but in a way that, if they had understanding, should convince them that she felt to be only a formal acquaintance. She meant to take her in the carriage, leave