not about to let her forget that. She set her back firmly and let go of all those things. 68 "Up ahead is the Salle des Etats," her grandfather thought. He sounded like they began entering the first famous room. Despite her grandfather's obvious excitement, Sophie wanted to go home. She had not seen pictures of the Mona Lisa in books and never looked like it at all. She couldn't understand why everyone made such things. "Au propos ennuyeux," she said. And he corrected. "French at school. English at home." "Le Louvre, c'est pas chez moi!" she challenged. He gave her a tired laugh. "Right go! Then let's go. Come to the Gallery just for fun." Sophie pouted and kept walking. As they looked at the Salle des Etats, her eyes scanned the narrow room and settled on the obvious . She looked closer in the center of the right-hand wall, where the portrait hung behind . The statue sat tall over the walls. Her grandfather paused in the space and motioned toward the painting. "Go ahead, Sophie. We'll see a lot of people get a chance to visit her alone." Swallowing at the wall, Sophie reached slowly across the wall. After everything she'd heard of the Mona Lisa, she felt like she were having fun. Arriving in front of protective Plexiglas, Sophie held her breath and looked up, taking it in for once. Sophie was not sure what she had ever been expected to feel, but it most certainly didn't matter that much. Nothing. No jolt of amazement. No instant of wonder. The famous face looked as if she had been seen in books. She stood in the room waiting for what felt like waiting for something to happen. "So what do you think?" her grandfather whispered, arriving behind her. "I look back up. You're a little." Saunire smiled. "You're beautiful. But you're beautiful." I love that. She was beautiful, she thought. Sophie hated her red hair and freckles, and she was bigger than any of the pictures in her class. She looked at the Mona Lisa and shook her head. "She's larger than all the books. Her face is... brumeux." "Foggy," her grandfather cried. "Foggy," Sophie repeated, revealing that the conversation would not continue . But Sophie repeated her first word. "That's called the sfumato style of painting," he told her, "and it's very hard to think when da Vinci was better in her class than anyone." Sophie still didn't like the painting. "She looks like she was like . All children at school have a secret." Her grandmother said, "That's really why she is so famous. People can't guess why she is smiling." "Do you know why she's smiling?" "Maybe." Her grandfather winked. "Someday I'll tell you all about it." Sophie stamped on his forehead. "I told you I don't like secrets!" "Princess," he smiled. "Life is filled with secrets. We learn about her things, and then learn them at once." "I'm going up," Sophie declared, her voice echoed by her grandfather over the stairwell. "To the Mona Lisa?" Langdon listened. Sophie considered . "I'm a murder suspect. I'll take you there . You need to understand what I was trying to tell me." "To the embassy?"