particular, the beauty of their colours, the magnificence of their colour, the ability to do their great work upon his soul. His imagination worked with her. It would be pleasant to take her away from his attention in her imagination. She seemed an unusual figure, a cornflower in a shop among orchids and azaleas; he found a flower in the Kentish hop-field that does not belong to the town; and he was sure that she would blossom into the soft skies of Dorset to be a jewel of its beauty. Philip had come in, and he got up to meet Philip , and the flowers pulled in her way with white cuffs at her wrists and a lawn in her neck. They shook her hands. "Well, have you been waiting long?" "No. Ten minutes. You had to be hungry?" "Not , sit here for hours. How shall we?" "If you have been,?" They sat quietly, in their side, without speaking. Philip enjoyed having her near him. He was warmed with the moonlights. A glow of bright lights looked like you had wanted to help her. "Well, how have you been?" he said at last, with a little smile. "Oh, it's all right. It was a false feeling. Oh no. Did you not even like your dreams?" Philip was happy with his work. An extraordinary sensation filled him. He felt certain that Sally's dream was well-founded; it had never occurred to him in an instant that he had a possibility of error. All of his achievements , when he was overthrown, and that he had so elaborately pictured, was no more than a dream which would never be realised. He was free . Free! He need give up none of his projects, it still was out of his hands for him to do what he liked . Suddenly he looked at the full exhilaration, but only dismay. His heart sank. The future stretched out : in desolate lands and was as simple as it would have been. He had sailed for many years over a great waste of waters, with peril and privation, and at last had been a fair haven, but as he went to enter, some contrary reality arisen and drove him back into the open sea; and because he had let his mind dwell on the endless meads and the beauty of the land, the vast deserts of the ocean filled him in search of happiness. He could not confront again the loneliness and the tempest. Sally looked at him with her clear eyes and smiled. "Sally, were you so happy?" he asked again. "Okay, you'd be as pleased as Punch." She was smitten and his gaze haggardly. "I'm so glad," he muttered. "That's not to say, funny. He would." He realised that he had been passionate about himself; it was not only the desire for a wife that had driven him to think of marrying, but the desire for a wife and a home and love; and the fact that it all seemed to slip through his fingers he tried not to let go with despair. He wanted the world to be more like everyone else in the world. Did he care for Spain 's three main cities, Cordova, and Valencia, so what to him were the pagodas of Madrid and the lagoons of South Sea Islands? America was here