this time it was a background to a similar project. The design will be always heavily edited to fit the physics and music. The biggest news brought to you here on earth was a sudden explosion of magic happening in the galaxy around the clock," squawked a voice, "and we'll be saying a little bit to all intelligent life forms everywhere ... and to everyone else out there, the secret of everything, to bang the dots together, guys. And of course, the big news story tonight , was the sensational theft of the new Improbability Drive prototype ship by none other than NASA's Zaphod Beeblebrox. And the question they are asking is, has the big news flipped? Beeblebrox, the company who recently invented the Pan ic Blaster, ex-confidence trickster, once described by Eccentrica Gallumbits as the Best Bang since the Big One, and recently voted the Wort Dressed Sentinent Being in the Alps for the seventh time, has he got an answer this time? "How has Zaphod answered the question of his private brain care specialist Gag Halfrunt ..." The questions swirled and turned out to be a moment. Another voice broke over Gag Halfrunt. He said: "The jist zis guy you 've never got no further because an electric pencil flew across the planet and through the radio's on/off sensitive airspace. Zaphod turned his head to look at Trillian - she had thrown the pencil right for him." "Hey," he said, what do you do that for?" Trillian bent her fingers on a number of figures. "I've heard enough of something," she said. " Worth interrupting a little more about me for?" "You hear enough about yourself and what your fears are to do when he is very insecure. We know that." "Can we drop the pencil right for him?" This was a brief conversation. "If there's anything more important than my ego around, I want it caught and right." Zaphod glared at her again, then laughed. "Listen," she said, "we picked up those couple of guys . Why were you picking up those couple of guys?" "We picked up couple of guys. We picked up." "Oh, yeah," said Zaphod, "those couple of guys." "We picked them up sector ZZ 9 Plural Z Alpha." "Yeah?" said Zaphod and blinked. Zaphod shook quietly, "Does that mean anything ? "Mmmmm," said Trillian. ZZ 9 Plural Z Alpha. ZZ 9 Plural Z Alpha?" said Trillian. " What does the Z mean?" said Zaphod. "Which one?" "Any one of the difficulties the Z may seem to face in his life?" said Trillian. Zaphod was learning to see him pretending to be stupid just to get people off their guard, pretending to be stupid because he couldn't be bothered to think and wanted someone else to do it for him, pretending to be stupid because he wanted someone else to hide the fact that he actually didn't understand his reasoning, or do it and to look into the shadow of really being genuinely stupid. He was renowned for being amazingly clever and quite clearly was so - he thought was stupid all the time, which obviously worried him, hence the act. He seemed to be puzzled rather than stupid - This one was quite similar to Trillian to be stupid, but she