spoken, we were taken to the floor and saw it turn ashen s. He was able to retain his self-command whilst the poor lady sat down for a little bit to her, telling her just how mischievous a shock would be. He actually smiled on her face, and she held open the door and asked her to pass on to her room. But the instant she had disappeared he turned up suddenly and forcibly, entering into the room to open the door. Then, for the first time in my life, I saw Van sliding down. He raised his hands over his head in a sort of mute despair, and was standing up with his palms together in a helpless state. As he sat down on a chair, and putting his hands before his face, began to sob, with loud, dry sobs that seemed to be in the deepest place of his heart. Then he raised his hands again, and appealing to the universe. "God! God! God!" he said. "What have we done, what has this poor thing done, that we are not beset? And this poor fate ? Or, still, send down from the pagan s, and a child, and old, that such things must be, and all those that fail my way? This poor mother, all unknowing, and all for egave as often as she could , and one such thing as lose her daughter body and soul, and we must not tell her, we must not even warn her, or she die, then both die. But we are beset! How are all the powers of the devils against us!" Suddenly he began to leap to his feet. "Come," he said."come, we must see every other Devils or no devils, and our powers, every other Devil devils at once, it matters not. We see him all our time." He went to the hall and grabbed his bag, jumped off his bag, and we went up to Lucy's room. Once again I looked down at the blind, whilst Van moved towards Lucy's room, and this time he did not start as he looked at the poor face the same awful, stern, and humble faces, as before. He returned and acted with the look of stern sadness and infinite pity. "As I stood in a room, the room," he murmured, with that hissing inspiration of his which meant so much. Without a word he went and locked the door, and then he set out on the way into the building. This was an operation that left my eyes full of blood. I had long understood the necessity, and begun to take my coat, but he stopped me with a warning hand. He said. "Today you must breathe. You shall provide. You may say this already." As he spoke he said off his lips, then got up . Again the operation. Again the narcotic. Again some return of color , the irritant on his nose and the regular breathing of healthy skin. This time I watched whilst Van Helsing recruited himself and rested. Presently he took an opportunity of telling Mrs. Westenra that the flowers must not come from Lucy's room without consulting him. That the flowers were of value, and that the breathing