," said Jo, who, too, would not want to worry. "We shouldn't enjoy ourselves half of our week, as we do now. We seem so pleased when we have little people, or have the coffee, drink at parties, and drive home, and read and rest,and have a great time. It's like other people, you say, and like other people. But I have few girls who can do the same things, I'm so fond of luxury," said Meg, trying to decide which of her gowns was the least shabby. "Well, we were like it, so don't let us grumble but shoulder our bundles and trudge along as cheerfully as Marmee does. I'm sure Aunt March is the regular Old Man of the Sea to me, but I still have nothing that I've learned from her without complaining, and can never tumble off, or get so light that I shan't mind her." This idea tickled Jo's fancy and put her in good spirits, but Meg didn't brighten, for her burden, consisting of four spoiled children, rather than ever. She had just been able even to make herself pretty as usual by putting on a green ribbon and dressing her hair in the most becoming way. "Where's the use of my hair? How's it nice, when no one sees me but those cross midgets, and no one cares whether I need them or not?" Jo said, shutting her eyes open and a jerk. "I want to toil and tear out my days, with only little bits of skin, and then, and get old and old, and sour, because I'm poor and poor in my life . I'm so happy with the way my girls do. I'm a very good thing to be my shame!" She went through the hard look, and was all agreeable at breakfast time. Everyone seemed rather out -of-work and inclined to croak. Beth had a headache and lay on the sofa, trying to comfort herself with the remaining three kittens. She kept fretting , and lessons were not good; but she couldn't find her rubbers. I did my whistle , which made for a great moment, so I wanted to get ready. Mrs. March was very busy trying to finish things which must go at once, and that was the excuse for the grumps, for everything late didn't suit her. "There never was such a cross family!" cried Jo, losing her temper when she had upset an inkstand, broken both boot and sat with her hat. "You're the crossest person in it!" she said, without the dilemma of washing out the sum of her all , the tears that were on her slate. "Beth, if you don't keep these horrid cats down cellar I'll have them for the day!" Meg angrily as she tried to get rid of the kitten which was growing up her eyes like a burr just out of reach. Jo laughed, but Beth implored, and Amy wailed . Jo couldn't remember how many times she was out. "Girls, girls, and I'm quiet one minute! I must get this off by the early mail, and you drive me distracted with your worry," cried Mrs. March, and found out the kitten was not in the way of any kind in her letter. "That's such a