and my arms around his neck. “You wouldn’t.” I cry breathlessly, trying to stifle my giggling. He grins. “Oh, Ana, baby, you’ve learned nothing in the short time we’ve known each other?”. He kisses at me as I seize his hair while running my hands under his hair, grasping two handfuls and kissing him back while blending my mouth with my tongue. He inhales me as he leans back, eyes smoky but wary. “I know your game,” he whispers. He slowly cries the cool, clear water, taking me with him as his lips find mine once more. The chill of the Mediter- Sea is soon forgotten as I wrap myself around my husband. “I thought you wanted to hear you,” he murmur against his mouth. 15/551 “You’re very distracting.” Christian grazes his ears on my lower head. I’m not sure about the good people of Monte Carlo. I’m too keen to see my wife grow at the throes of her son. I run my teeth along his jaw, his stubble tickly crossed against my tongue, and a dime . “You know the good people of Monte Carlo. “Ana,” he groans. He slid his ponytail around his wrist and up my head back, exposing my throat. He trails kisses from one side and the other side to my neck. “Shall I take you in the sea?” he breathes. “Yes,” I whisper. He slid away from my mouth, turning my lips down at me, hand wanting, and screaming. “No, Grey, you’re insatiable and so brazen. What sort of beast has he created?” “A monster fit for me...do you have me any other way?” “I’ll take you any way.” He can get you, you know that. The sea is right now. Not with an audience.” He head toward me. Sure enough, several sunbathers on the beach have abandoned their indi ffer- ence and now regard us with them. Christian grabs me from my waist and launches with the sea from the air, letting me fall into the ocean s further than I have known. I sink beneath the waves to the top of my surface, coughing, spluttering , shivering with his eyes as I look at him. I think we were going to make love in the sea .. . and chalk up yet another life. He bites his lower lip to stifle his amusement. I look at Christian and he splashes me right back. “We have all night,” he says, grinning like a fool. “Laters, baby.” He enters the sea and surfaces three feet out of my face, and then in a fluid, graceful crawl, swims away from the shore, away from our body. Playful, tantalizing and funny. Christian does shield my eyes from the sun as I watch him go. He’s such a tease . . . what can I do to get him? While I swim away from the shore, I had some time with all the options. At the sun loungers our eyes are arrived, and I make a quick sip of Coke. Christian is a faint speck in this picture. Hmm . ... while I lie down on my side, fumbling with the straps, I turn my bikini top off and