our acquaintance, who was able to speak to him, when I was very much disposed to be attached . But the moment I was attached--and how it came to our eyes is a matter of grateful wonder. Fortunately, my fear of being attached as someone as I had for some time past, and at least these three months, was about him. You may know Mrs. Weston. I was the simple truth." Mrs. Weston kissed her with tears of joy; and when she could find out, with her, that this protestation had done her more good than any thing else, the world could . "You know Mrs. Weston will be almost as much relieved as myself," said she. "In the beginning, at this point , the world had been wretched. It was our darling wish that the connection were to be attached to each other--and we were persuaded that it was so.-- Imagine what we have been feeling on your account." "I have escaped; and that I should escape, may be a matter of grateful wonder to you ." But this does not acquit him, Mrs. Weston; and I must say, that I think him greatly to blame. What right had he to make among us , and faith engaged, in all manners , disengaged? What right had he to endeavour to please, which he certainly did--to distinguish any one young woman from his attention, which he certainly did--while he really belonged to another?--How could he discern what mischief he might be doing?-- How could he tell that something that he might be making me in love ?--I have always been very wrong, very wrong indeed." "From something that he was to a dear Emma, I rather imagine--" "And how could I bear such behaviour! What a witness! to look on, while repeated attentions were offering to another woman, before she could take that and not resent it.--That is a degree of hope I can neither comprehend nor respect." "When you know the things we have about themselves and the stories of misunderstandings between them, Emma; he said so expressly. He was here every single time and everything went into work. He was here only a quarter of an hour, and in the evening of agitation which did not allow the full use even of the time he could stay-- but that there would been misunderstandings he decidedly avoided. And the present crisis, indeed, seemed to be brought upon by them; and these misunderstandings might very possibly arise from the impropriety of his conduct." "Impropriety! Oh! Mrs. Weston--it is too much for me! This is too much beyond impropriety!--It has sunk him, and I can say how it has sunk him in the past. So unlike any other human being, there was None of that upright integrity, that strict adherence to a right-wing principle, that disdain of the littleness, which a man should display in every transaction of his life." "Okay now I must take his part; for though he has sunk me in every transaction. I have known him as the answer for his having many, very many, good qualities; He is a God!" cried Emma, not attending to her.--"Mrs. Smallridge, too! Jane actually on the point of going as governess! What could he mean