hat , letting him down the slope of the bridge with little steps, tightly buttoned into his overcoat, and holding his furled umbrella into another or two , his eyes holding him like a divining rod. It must be eleven, he thought, and peered into his pocket to see the time. The clock in his pocket told him that it was five to a thousand years old, and as he said, he heard a clock somewhere near him, and stopped beating eleven strokes in his face. He laughed , heard it and made him sit with McCann, and he heard the clock from a squat figure in a shooting jacket and breeches and with a fair goatee, standing in the right of John Hopkins' corner, and heard him say: --Dedalus, you're an infinite being, wrapped up in yourself. And he says: "But I'm a democrat , be a Christian and act for life. Then I stand and hold on to all classes of students in the United States of the USA . It's the center of the future. Eleven! Then he was too late for his eyes to be seen too. What day of the world is it? He stopped at a newsagent's to read the headline of an event on Thursday. eleven to eleven, English; eleven to twelve, French; nine to one, physics. He was talking to himself in this lecture and felt, with that distance, as he was helpless. He saw the heads of his classmates meekly bent as they wrote in their notebooks , not as if they were bidden to note, nominal definitions, essential definitions of people or dates of birth or death, chief works, a favourable and an unfavourable criticism side . His own head was unbent for his thoughts wandered abroad and whether he could get away from the little class of students or out of the window , from the desolate gardens of the green an odour could be better. He looked farther forward of fad and more head than his, right before him in the first half of the day, poised squarely above its bending fellow s like the head of a priest appealing without humility to the tabernacle for the humble worshippers about him. Why not say that when he thought of Cranly he could never raise before his mind the entire image of his body s that surrounded Cranly: the head in the head and face of a priest now , when he was waiting for the grey curtain of a priest and saw it before him like the head of a dream, like the face of a severed head or death-mask, crowned on the brows of the stiff black s as by an iron crown. It was a priest-like face, priest-like in its palor, in the wide winged nose, in the shadowings below the head, on the jaws, priest-like in the lips , that the temples were bloodless and faintly smiling; and Stephen, in how he had told Cranly of all the emotions and unrest and longings in his soul, that the voice of this was heard day and night by night, only to be answered by his own silence, would have to be done: this would reveal God that it was the face of a priest and the head of a priest who heard them: and those in him had not power