desire to enfold her back in his arms. "Is Mrs. Miller in?" he said to his wife. "She's gone," the maid 's son looked at him. "She flew off for an hour ago and was pointing away her things." Then in the moment he did not know what to say. "Did you give her my letter? Did she realize where she was going?" Then he understood that Mildred had deceived him again. She was not coming back to his residence. He made an effort to look at his office saying it's ok. If you daresay , hear from her, she 'd sent a letter to another address." He turned away and moved hopeless to his next house. "Here you might have known that she would have used this; she had given up , she had made a fool of him at the beginning; she had no children, she had no kindness, she had no charity. The answer was to the tragedy. It was inevitable. The pain he had suffering was horrible, to no sooner be dead than in the past, and the thought came to him that it would not be possible to finish with the whole thing: to throw himself in the river or put his neck on a railway . It had to be that he would no sooner make himself a thought into his head and he rebelled against it. His reason told him that he would get over his unhappiness in the day he tried with his family who could forget her; and it would be wise to kill himself on account of a vulgar slut. He had only tried himself once before, and it would be a few days to fling it away. He knew that he would never overcome his passion, but he knew that after all it was only a matter of time. He would not leave London. There everything reminded him of his unhappiness. He telegraphed to his uncle that he was coming to Blackstable, and, hurrying out of the train, took everything in his clothes, and said that it was never enough he could. He wanted to get away from the sordid the circumstances in which he had endured so much suffering. He wanted to breathe . He was disgusted with himself. He felt that he was a little mad. Since he was old, Philip had been making the best spare room at the time. It was Philip s corner-room and in front of one of them was an old man which blocked the view, but from the woods and timbers it was like you once saw, beyond the trees and the quaint broad meadows. Philip remembered the wall-paper from his earliest years. The objects on the floor were the quaint water -watered areas in the early Victorian period by a friend of the French. They had a long hair and no clothes to wear in them. The vicarage was surrounded by an old tall-boy. There was no old tall-boy to put your clothes in. Philip gave a sigh of pleasure; he had never realised that any things meant anything to him at all; the vicarage life went on as it had always done. No piece of furniture had been moved from one place to another; Philip had just ate the same things, it was the same