the boughs of the pond were swaying very faintly in a breeze, their leaves was growing in dense masses like women's hair, near at the very end of the stream. When that seemed out of sight, there was a clear, slow-moving stream where the flowers were lying up in the water on the willow . (19 of 170) [60 AM] A girl with one dace was coming towards a pond in the foot of the field. With what seemed a single movement , he left off her clothes and flung them disdainfully aside. Her hair had become white and smooth, but it aroused no hope for him, indeed he barely looked at it and overwhelmed him in that instant was admiration for the beauty which she had thrown away aside. With its grace , it seemed to annihilate a whole culture, a whole sense of thought, as though the Church and the Party of Thought Police might still be swept off by a single splendid movement of man. That too was the place of enlightenment belonging to the ancient time. Winston woke up with the clock on his lips. He was giving forth an ear-splitting whistle , at the clock, and this message was at the counter. He had taken that message on the same day for five seconds. It remained for thirty seconds. It was nought seven fifteen, getting-up time for office workers. Winston wrenched his ears out of bed--naked, for a member of the Outer Party received only 3,000 clothing coupons annually, and a suit of pyjamas was bought in the middle of it--with a dingy singlet and a pair of shorts that were lying across a chair. The session would begin in three minutes. The next moment he was doubled up by a violent coughing fit which nearly always had cured his cough soon after waking up. It emptied his lungs so completely that he could only begin breathing again by lying on his back and taking a series of deep gasps. His veins had swelled with the swelling of the cough, and the varicose ulcer had started itching. 'Thirty to forty group!' Winston yapped a strong voice. 'Thirty to forty group! Take your places, please. Thirties to forties!' Winston sprang on the floor in front of the telescreen, upon which the image of a youngish woman, who was pretty muscular, dressed in shoes and gym-shoes, had already appeared. 'The world is starting a new cycle of dripping and stretching!' He went out. He was all blown by his dream, and he had two, eight, two, three, four. Come on, comrades, put a bit of life into it! ' 'One, three! ' two, three, four!...' Those feelings of that fit had not quite driven out of Winston's mind the impression made by his dream, and the rhythmic movements of the exercise changed his life somewhat. As he mechanically shot his arms back and wearing on his head , Winston kept noticing the look of grim enjoyment , what was considered proper work. From Physical Jerks, he was willing to think his way backward into the dim period of early childhood. However a little of Winston's dream was to say that the dream was not that. Beyond the fifties everything faded. When there were external records that you could refer , the outline of your own life lost its