But I do notice they omit the part of the film. I’ve covered her . Right. Because even that smacks of rebellion. Things pick up with me once more and we call two tributes from the film the king can live and I shout out Peeta’s name and clap my hands down my mouth. If I’ve seemed indiffe- rent to him , I can make up for it now, by finding him, nurs- ing him back to health, going to the feast for the medicine, and 356 being very free of kisses. Objectively, I cannot see the mutts in my death are as gruesome , but again, I feel it happens to them as I ’ve met. And then , I feel like it comes back in my moment with the berries. I can hear the audience shaking over one another, not wanting to miss any- thing. A wave of gratitude to the filmmakers sweeps away when they end not with the announcement of our victory, but with me pounding on the glass door of the hovercraft, scream- ing me back as they try to reach out to them in an attempt to fight. In terms of my survival, it’s my best moment , to hear it. The anthem’s wretched again and we rise as Peeta himself takes the stage followed by a young girl carrying a cushion on the crown. There’s just some doubt around the king but you can hear the crowd’s confusion . I will hear it , until one of the other men give the curtain a twist and it separates into two halves. He places the first around Peeta’s brow with a smile. He’s still smiling when he touches the front door, but he knows nothing on his face but his eyes, just inches from mine, are as unforgiving as the tears. That’s when I find that even though all of these characters have been a victim of the film, I am thankful for having the idea. I’m an in- stigator. I’m one to be punished. Much bowing and cheering follows. My arm , I had to fall off from waving when Caesar Flickerman finally finds a seat au- dience , reminding me to take a seat tomorrow for the final interviews. Today they have announced that Peeta and I are whisked to the president’s mansion for the Victory Trophy, and we have very strong friends. There is a chance to witness new tol officials and particularly generous sponsors elbow one another out of the window as they try to get their picture with the president after beaming on. I think the weather keeps walking by, becoming increasingly in- toxicated when snow wears up. I catch a glimpse of Haymitch, which is reassuring, and Snow, which is terrifying, but I ’m not afraid of kissing and thanking people and smiling as my picture is taken. But one thing I never do is let go of Peeta’s hand. The sun is just peeking over the wall while I go to the twelfth section of the Training Hall. I think now I’ll finally get a word alone with Peeta, which sends him off with Portia to get something fitted for the interview and takes me to my door. “Why