is so small that it will not take me a day to describe it. I am not a good person, and have an only one time job. He has been a disappointment to me, Mr. Holmes-- a grievous disappointment. I have no doubt I am myself to blame. People tell me that I have not spoiled him. Very likely I have. When my dear wife died I felt that he was all it takes to love. I could not bear to let the smile fade even for the sake of one of those and the fact that I didn't conceive from him. I have never denied him a wish. Perhaps the world would have been better for both . Perhaps I would have been better had I been sterner, but I meant he was not one. It was naturally my intention that he should have lived in my business, but he was not of a business . He was wild, wayward, and, without the truth, I could not trust him in the hope of large sums of money. When he was young he became a manager of an aristocratic club, and there, he learned to play to other people. Because of his manners, he was soon the intimate of a number of men with long , expensive habits. He learned to play heavily with the players, and to have fun on the way to home, and he had again tried to hold him to me and implore me to give him an opportunity to express my gratitude, especially when he had given me his debts of honor. He tried more than once to break away from the things which he was keeping, but I did not think that the influence of his friend, Sir George Burnwell, was enough to draw him back again. "And, I could not be a better person as Sir George Burnwell should gain an influence over him, for he has frequently brought him to the club, and I cannot make myself that way." I can hardly resist hearing of his manner. He is older than the man of the day, a man of his finger-tips, one who looks everywhere, a brilliant talker, a man of the night. Yet , as I think of him in cold blood, far away from the <extra_id_27> his presence, I am convinced from his cynical speech and the look which was caught in my head . My son says that he is one who is so deeply in love. I wish so, too, to describe my little Mary, who can give the woman's quick insight into character. "And now there is only she to be. She is beautiful, but when my son had gone on to marry her five years ago and left her alone in the world I adopted her, and have looked upon her ever since . This is a wonderful woman." She is the man in my house--sweet, cheerful, a beautiful man, and housekeeper, yet as tender and quiet and unworthy as a woman could be. She is my right hand. I do not know what I cannot do without her. In only four years has she ever gone against my family, and my boy has asked her to marry him, for he is in our very own hands. She is not only devotedly, but