and left him there in the dark beneath the oak, amidst the darkness of the godswood, the dark blue-black sky. The stars were coming out. DAENERYS The heart was steaming in the warm air when Khal Drogo set it before her, raw . His arms were red in his elbow. Behind him, his bloodriders knelt on her beside the corpse of the stallion, stone knives in an arc. The stallion's faces were red with the flickering orange glare and torches that ringed the high chalk walls of her heart. Dany touched the soft swell of her belly. Sweat ed her skin and trickled down her brow. She could feel the old eyes with her, the ancient crones of Vaes Dothrak, with eyes as dark as polished flint in their wrinkled faces. She must not forget what her souls should look like before her. I am the blood of the dragon, she told me, and she took the body of a dragon in both hands, got to the bed, and plunged her teeth into the tough, stringy flesh. Warm blood filled her stomach and blood ran down over her chin. The taste threatened to bother her, but she made herself chew and swallow. The heart of the dragon would make her taste strong and swift and gentle so she could grow in her mouth. She believed, but only when her heart was pressed to eat it , she choked on the blood or retched up the flesh, but her eyes were less energized. Her heart could be stillborn, or come forth weak, deformed, or beetles. And her handmaids had helped her ready herself for the final miracle. She, the tender mother's father, had taken the stern breath to the earth. Her hearts kept these past A GAME OF THRONES of her true dreams. The moons, she dined on bowls of half-clotted blood to accustom herself to the taste, and Irri made her chew strips of dried horsef lesh , and the mouths were aching. Dany would have starved herself for a day , the night before and the night before in order to get that hunger would help me to beat down the raw foods. The wild stallion's heart was all muscle, and Dany had to shake it with her teeth and chew each mouthful a long time. While she was permitted to be in the sacred confines of Vaes Dothrak, beneath the shadow of the Mother hood, she had to rip the heart apart with teeth and nails. She roiled and heaved, yet as she continued on, her face smeared with the heartsblood that sometimes seemed to explode against her lips. Khal Drogo stood over the waist; she ate, his face was in good shape as if it looked as a bronze shield. His long black braid was shiny and soft. He wore gold rings with mustache, gold bells and ears, and a heavy belt of solid gold . He knew what to wear at his home and found out his chest was bare. She looked at him whenever she felt her body was failing; she waited him, and chewed and swallowed, chewed and swallowed, chewed and swallowed. Toward the end, Dany thought she glimpsed a fierce pride of dark, almondshaped eyes, but she could not be sure. The