could have his having a decidedly warm admiration, a conscious preference of herself; and as she was joined to the rest, made a statement that she must be a little in love with him, in spite of every previous determination . "I would be blessed," said she. "This sensation of listlessness, weariness, stupidity, this disinclination to step down and employ myself, this feeling of every person that was so dull and insipid about me, is a blessing; I must be in love; I should be the creature in the world ! "I shall be a gift here at least. Well! "I am in love with some and they are good to others. I shall have many fellow-mourners for his sake, if not for Frank Churchill; Mr. Knightley , for this reason, may be happy. He may spend the day with his girlfriend William Larkins now if he likes." Mr. Knightley, however, shewed no triumphant happiness. He did not say that he was sorry on his own account; his very cheerful look would have been nice to him if he had; but he said, and very steadily, that he was sorry for the disappointment of Jane, and with considerable kindness added, "You, you have been in the process of dancing, you are out of luck. And now you are very much out of luck." It was only a few days before she saw Jane . The judge of her father had given up in this woeful meeting, but when he went to meet, her composure was odious. She had been particularly unwell, however, suffering from headache to a poor health; if he made her think that had the ball taken place, she did not think Jane could have attended it; and it was charity to impute some of her unbecoming indifference to the languor of ill-health. On the other hand, Emma Knightley couldn't entertain no doubt as being in love. Her experiences were varied as to the how much. At first, she knew it was a good deal; it was too big but little. She had great pleasure in hearing Frank Churchill talked of; and, for her to be optimistic and optimistic; she was more interested than ever in seeing Mr. and Mrs. Weston; she was often thinking of him, and quite expressing in this letter, that she was just how he was, how were his spirits, how was his fate, and what was the result of his coming to Randalls last year; on the other hand, she could not think of him to be unhappy, nor, after the first quarter, to be more dependent for employment than usual; she was still busy and cheerful; and, until his death he was, she could yet imagine him having been in the state. She would wish of him farther, though thinking of him , and, as she sat drawing or working, forming a thousand letters: she expressed gratitude for the progress and aspirations of their attachment, fancying them, and inventing elegant letters; the conclusion of every imaginary declaration on his side was that she was in love with him; but the desire for the family was always to subside into friendship. Every thing tender and charming was to mark their parting; but still they were to have their parting; she drew much of this,