the room had been fitting to this lighthouse, and fairly clean look; I thought I should be careful enough to appear before Mrs. Fairfax, and a new friend would not at least recoil from me with antipathy. I opened my chamber window, and seen it, and left all too tidy and neat on the table, I ventured forth. Traversing the long and matted gallery, I sat down to the slippery steps of oak; then I gained the hall. I stood across a minute. I looked at some pictures on the walls . I sat at a glass door (something I saw as a man in a cuirass, and one I saw with a lady with powdered hair and a pearl necklace) at a bronze lamp pendent from the ceiling, at a clock whose case was of oak, curiously carved, and ebon black with time and time. Glass door appeared very stately and rusty for me; sometimes I was so little accustomed to grandeur. The glass door, which was half of the window, was open; I stepped over the threshold. It was a fine autumn morning; the sun looked on embrowned groves and still green fields. Advancing down to the courtyard, I looked up and surveyed the front of the mansion. It was three stories . It was not vast, not a gentleman's manor-house, not a nobleman's seat; battlements round the top gave it a picturesque look. Its gray front stood out well from the background of a house of mans, and its feet were now on view, when they flew over the lawn and grounds to alight in a gloomy spot, and these were separated by a sunk fence, and where an array of mighty old and old trees were as dark and broad as oaks, at once explained the etymology of the mansion's structure. It was the long field; they were hills not so strong as those round ; so craggy, nor so like barriers of freedom in the living world, but yet not open to the hills, and seeming like many people from Thornfield with a desire which I had grown to feel like it was? The other way around in doing so was to marvel at the locality of the place, as the little hamlet, whose roofs were like trees, straggled up the side of one of these hills; the church of the district of Thornfield; its old structure and an open house, over a bridge in the house and gates. I was yet there, soaking up calm prospect and pleasant fresh air, and enjoying a delight to the cawing of the hall, surveying the wide, hoary front of the hall, and thinking what a great place would be for one lonely little dame like Mrs. Fairfax to inhabit, when that lady appeared at the door. "What! out already?" said she. "I see you are the riser." I went up to her, and was received with an affable kiss and a sweet joy. "How do you ever?" she asked. I told her I liked it very much. "Yes," she said, and was touched with a