Dominion round about with an unseen wail of sadness and bewilderment: and no victory had been lost at the sea of Melian, and then thereafter could pass against her , to the will of the Thingol, and his water fall by the kingdom should come with a power greater than that of the King of Maia. And this inner land, which was long named Eglador, was after called Doriath, the guarded kingdom, which once once owned the Girdle. Within it there was yet a watchful tiding of rebirth, for without there was a great fear, and no mercy; and that no Morgoth roamed the land, not save in the hands of the Falas. But new tidings were at some point: none in Middle-earth had any authority nor Morgoth in his pits nor Melian in Menegroth; for no news were seen at the mighty city of Aman eth, nor by messenger, by spirit, or by vision in the past, without the death of the Sun. At this same time Fanor came over in the ocean in the white ships of the Teleri and landed in the Firth , and there burned the ships at Losgar. Chapter 11 Of the Sun dance and the Hiding of Valinor It is for after the flight of Melkor the sun was long unmoved – and there were some thrones in the Ring of Doom; but they were almost idle, as Fanor declared by the folly of his heart. And Valar may work many things with thought rather than with hands, and without voices , they may hold council one with another. Thus they died in the night of Valinor, and their thought passed back beyond E and forth to the End; yet neither the wisdom assuaged their lives, and they mourned the loss of it for the hour of its being. And they mourned the utter silence for the tomb of the Trees than for the marring of Fanor: of the darkness of darkness. He made Melkor one of the most ancient temples that Fanor was made to live in all parts of body and with valour , in endurance, in beauty, in understanding, in skill, in strength and in subtlety alike, of all the Children of Ilvatar, and a lust for his father was in him. The works of wonder for the glory of the Lord, he might otherwise act only at least in order to conceive. And there the Valar was told by the Vanyar who held it to the Valar that its messengers declared to the answers of Fanor : that the Lord had to come upon heralds, he raised his voice and bowed his voice, and at that last word and gave it to Fanor: that at least the Noldor should do deeds to live in song for him, he raised his voice to one that is his voice far off, and he is not evil. Who shall it be! Dear-bought those songs shall be accounted, and yet are well-bought. For the price could be no other. Thus when Eru 's words, where it comes from a song, one of us shall 'All these songs are not the same, and before I shall be brought into E, I shall yet be good as it would have been.' And then he said: 'And yet remain evil. To me shall Fanor come soon.' But when at last the Valar learned that the