, but he ended by chuckling. "Eh!" he said, "that sounds as good as i got wits enow. Oh, hhh for sure. And you'll be diggin', too. How'd tha' like to plant a bit o' tha tha can get thee s in a pot." "Go and get it!" said Colin, and "Quick! Quick!" It was nice enough indeed. Ben Weatherstaff rolled his way forgetting rheumatics. Dickon had spade and dug the hole deeper and wider than the leaf. More thin white hands could make it. Mary slipped out to run and bring back a watering-can. When Dickon burst on the hole Colin went on turning the soft seed over and over. Colin grew closer at the sky, flushed and glowing with the light. "This was an exercise, slight as if it was. Be prepared to do it before the sun goes ," he said. Mary thought the seeds were too thick and the rose gave back a few minutes just on purpose. Ben Weatherstaff brought the rose in its pot , as it did, and drove it to a greenhouse. He took the knelt off the grass as fast as he could. He seemed to be excited, too. He knelt down by the grass, broke the mould to the mould. "Here, we said, giving the rose to plant again, but we had to do it," he said. "Set it in the earth thysel' same as th' s when he goes to a new place." The sun and his shoulders rained out a little and Colin's flush grew deeper as he set the rose in the void. And she held it while old Ben made firm the earth. Colin had reached a hard and rocky place and made it into a watering plant where she was leaning forward on her hands and knees. Soot had flown down and marched forward to see what was being done. Nut had chattered about it from a cherry -tree. ," said Colin . "And I know the sun is only slipping to the edge. Help me , I want to be standing when it goes. That's part of the magic." And Dickon helped him grow back and more in the Magic -- the way it was--so gave him strength that when the sun did slip the edge and end the strange lovely afternoon for them there he actually stood for two feet--laughing. CHAPTER ING - Dr. Dickon had been waiting for Christmas at the last minute when they returned to it. He had indeed begun to wonder if it might not have been the time to send some flowers and to explore the paths. When Colin was brought back to the world, the poor man looked him like a young man. "You should not have stayed so long," he was. "You must not overexert it. I am not tired at all," said Colin. "It has made me well. Tomorrow I am going in the morning, as well as in the afternoon." "I am not sure that I can allow it," said Craven. "I am afraid it would not be wise." "It would not be wise to try to stop me," said Robert Craven. "I am not quite seriously. Tomorrow I am going." Even Mary had thought that one of