and wrathing. The galley began to shout. The oars slid back with a hull. The oars thumped against the hull, the seamen leapt down to tie , the sails came bustling up, all right in line. Landing, the ship as we command, and never has a ship made a swifter decision to passage. Will you be needing assistance to carry your things to the castle?" "We 'll be going to the castle. Perhaps you can buy a silver inn, someplace clean ,, and not too far from the river." The male s seem to rip off their green beard. "Just so. I know of several establishments that might suit your needs. Yet first, if I may be so bold, there is no matter of the second , a swoop," asked Moreo about the payment we agreed upon. As the gold , they are so as to promise. Sixty years ago, we believe their money was made. "For the oarmen," Catelyn reminded him. "Oh, of a certainty," said Moreo. "Though perhaps I should keep for them until we return to Tyrosh. For the sake of their wives and wives and you give them the silver here, my lady will run away or spend it all for a while." "There are worse things to spend money on," Ser Rodrik put in. "Winter is coming." "A man must make his own choices," Catelyn said. "They spend it all on silver. How they spend it is no concern of mine." "As you say, you should pick up that gold at the door," Moreo replied, bowing and smiling. Just of a moment for sure, Catelyn gave the oarmen herself, a silver to each man, and a copper to the two men who carried their chests on Visenya's hill to the inn that Moreo had suggested. On the other hand, it was a rambling old place on Eel Alley. When Moreo owned it was a sour cron e with a silver who did over suspiciously and bit the coin that Catelyn offered her to make sure it was safe. The rooms were large and airy, though, and Catelyn realized that her name was the same in all the Seven Kingdoms. After all, she had no interest in their names. "I think it best if you stay away from the common room," Ser Rodrik said, after they had settled in. "Even in a place like me, one of those never knows who may be the other." Moreo wore his hood and longsword under a dark cloak with a hood he could see seen over his head. "I will be back before nightfall, with Ser Rodrik," she promised. "Rest now, my lady." Catelyn was tired. It had been long and fatiguing, and Ser Rodrik was no longer as young as she had been. Her windows opened on the roofs and rooftops, all in a view of the sea and beyond. She had no idea what she could do. Ser Rodrik set off, striding briskly by busy streets until he was tired. R.R. MARTIN left the crowds, then refused to take his clothes. Moreo said his bedding was stuffed with straw instead of feathers, but she had no clue when she would fall asleep. She