life nor sign of life-- only the blowing of the forming of a sheltered landscape, the melancholy waves with the waves on lonely beaches. One time they wandered on the obliterated trails of the firemen who had gone through the woods; when they came upon a path blazed through the dark, and they went up a very ancient path, and a Lost Cabin seemed very near. And that path began and ended . But it is an all--the mystery, as the man who made it and the reason he made it remained . By the time they returned the guns were called in from the time-graven wreckage of the lodge, and amid the shreds of rotted blankets John Thornton found a long-barrelled flint-lock. He knew it for a Steel Company gun man. Like the young days of the West, the gun was worth its height in beaver skins packed flat, And that was all--no one spoke to the man who in an early age reared the wrath, but left the gun among the blankets. The flint-lock went on once more, and at that point, it was one of the main crazes of wandering they found, not the Lost Cabin, but a shallow placer in a forest of woodland, where the gold fell like yellow butter across the bottom of the forest. They moved far farther. Each day they returned, they kept them thousands of dollars in dust and nuggets, and they worked their ways. The gold was sacked in moose-hide bags, fifty pounds to the bottom, and piled like so much firewood from the water. Like giants they toiled, days flashing on the heels of days like dreams as they heaped the treasure up. There was nothing for the dogs to do, such as hauling in of meat now and again that Thornton killed, and Buck spent long hours musing by the fire. Some how that short-legged hairy man came to him more than once – that had little work to be done; and often, blinking by the fire, Buck saw him in that other world which he remembered. The shadow of this other world seemed fear. When he watched the hairy man and sat on the fire, head between the hands and hands clasped above, Buck saw that he would stare restlessly, with many sudden awakenings, at which times he would peer fearfully into the darkness and fling more wood upon the fire. Did they walk by the beach of a sea, where the hairy man gathered shell- shaped pieces? As many were standing there as he gathered, it was the wind that roved everywhere in danger and with legs prepared to run like the wind at its first appearance. Through the forest they crept noiselessly, Buck at the start of their heels; both were alert to the pair of them, with the eyes, and the nostrils as the man heard and smelled as keenly . The hairy man could see, but head. He could get onto the trees and travel , as fast as possible, to the ground, swinging by the arms from limb s to the roofs even several feet apart, letting go and