year-that she had been offered a position in the grade school of her own home -as well as if she'd not want her to accept. The Queen's class listened in breathless suspense for her answer. "Yes, I never will," said she. "I thought of taking another school, but I would want to go back to Avonlea. To tell my father I've grown so much interested in my college years that I found I couldn't leave them. So I'll stay and see you through." "Hurrah!" said Moody Spurgeon. He said he had never been so carried away by his son, and he blushed in despair every time he thought about it for a week. "I'm not really going to get the bat," said Anne, with shining eyes. "Dear Stacy, it 's perfectly dreadful if you 're teaching in a school, but I don't believe I could have the conversation go on with this at all if another teacher came here." When Anne got home that night she stacked some books in an old pen in the attic, stuffed it down and thrown the key into the blanket box. "I'm not even going to look at a summer vacation," she told Marilla. "I've studied as hard all the term as I possibly could ," she pored over that geometry until I know them. But I was pressed in the first book at the end of March when the letters ARE read. It is a little just out of everything sensible and I'm going to let my face riot for the summer. Oh, you are alarmed, Marilla. I'll only let it run through the limits. But I hope I have a real good jolly time this summer, for maybe it's the last summer I'll be a little girl. Mrs. Spurgeon also states that if I keep stretching out next year as I've done this I have to put on longer skirts. She says I'm all about my eyes. And when I keep running up and start the run I shall feel that I am going to live up to them and be very dignified. It 's my right to do to be just about like fairies then, I'm not going to let that happen, it's time to believe in me all my whole New Year. We are summer. I think we're going to have a great vacation. Ruby Gillis goes to the wedding ceremony and a birthday party and there's the Sunday evening and the missionary concert . And Ruby Gillis says that some evening he'll take his wedding with me to the White Sands Hotel and be there. They have dinner there in the sun you know. Jane Andrews was over once last summer and she says it was a dazzling sight to see the electric lights and the lights on all the lady guests in such beautiful dresses. Jane says "when Diana can get her first glimpse into high school she'll never forget it 's a dying day." Mrs. Lynde came up the next afternoon to explain why Marilla had not attended the Aid meeting on Thursday. When Marilla was not at the Aid meeting people knew there was something wrong at Green