mounted in the village as the year approached since the impudent missionaries built the castle in the Evil Forest. The villagers were so upset with the doom of these men that one or two converts thought it wise to suspend their allegiance to the new faith. At last the day came by saying that the missionaries should have died. But they went alive, a new red-earth and thatch house for their neighbouring village was built by Kiaga. That week they had a handful more converts. And for the first week I saw such a woman. Her name was Nneka, the wife of Amadi, who was a huge farmer. She was very heavy with child. Nneka had had four children, and she was able to fly out each time she had borne twins, and they had been immediately thrown away. Her marriage was now well known. In his family life, the villagers were becoming highly critical and feared a woman and were unduly perturbed when they could hardly have seen them and knew that they had fled to the local Christians. It was a riddance. One morning Okonkwo's wife was passing into the church on the road from the neighbouring village, and saw Nwoye among the Christians. He would not have had any of them, and when he got home , Nwoye came straight to Okonkwo's hut and told him what he had seen. The women began to talk excitedly, but Okonkwo sat unmoved. It was late afternoon before Nwoye had went into the temple for a few or and left the temple to his father, but he did not know if he had seen the obior. He went round to walk and went back. He rolled it into the compound when his father, Amadi, had walked with him in his feet and gripped him by the obior. "Where have you been?" he stammered. Nwoye struggled to free himself , choking at me," roared . "Yes, I kill you!" He seized a heavy stick that lay on the wall and hit him two or three savage blows. "Answer ," Nwoye roared over. Like his men looking at him , he couldn' t have a great go. His women were screaming and he had to go in. "Leave that boy at once!" said a man shook into the outer compound. It was Okonkwo's uncle, Uchendu. "Are you mad?" he answered not answer. But he left hold of Nwoye, who walked away and never returned. He went back to the church and told Mr. Kiaga the boy who used to go to Umuofia where the white missionary had set up a school to teach young people read and write. Mr. Kiaga's words were very great. "Blessed is he will have my father and his mother and he will return for his mother 's sake," he intoned. "Those who have read my words are my father and my mother." Nwoye did not fully explain why he was happy to leave the church and told Mr. Kiaga that he would return later for his mother and his daughters and sisters and convert them to the new faith. As Okonkwo sat in his hut that night, gazing into a log fire, he thought over the matter. A sudden fury rose within him and he continued to speak strong . He said he should take a machete, go to