guess, no doubt, but I am almost certain that this address has been in a hotel." "How in the world can you say that?" "If you examine it carefully you will find that both the names of the digits of the hotel ink and the pen have given the writer trouble. The pen has spluttered twice and not only a single word was had it run dry three times in a short address, but there is very little in an address. Now, a private hotel ink-bottle is seldom used to be in such a state, and the combination of the two is quite rare. But you know the hotel ink and the hotel pen, where it is so rare to get anything that a writer is having. But you have no hesitation in saying so. After we examine the waste-paper baskets of the hotels in the US, the writing would return "nothing," says Sir Henry. If we found the remains of the mutilated Times leader we could lay our hands straight upon the person who sent this singular message. Halloa! Halloa! What's this?" He was able to hold the entire note under which the words were pasted, holding it only an inch or two of his own. "Nothing," said he, throwing it down. "It is a half- sheet of paper, without even a hand upon it. I think we have drawn as far as we can from this curious experience. Well, Sir Henry? Sir Henry, what has else of interest happened to you since you have been in London?" "Why, no, Mr. Holmes. I think not." "You have not observed anyone else before you?" "You seem to have walked to the thick of a dime novel," said the visitor. "Why in thunder should anyone follow or watch me?" "We have never heard that. You have nothing else to tell to us before we go into this matter?" "Well, it depends upon what you think worth reporting. You think anything out of your ordinary routine is well worth reporting." Sir Henry, "I don't know much of British life yet, for I have spent nearly all of my life in the States and sometimes I have nothing to lose one of your boots is not part of the ordinary routine of life over here." "Why have you lost one of your boots?" "My dear sir," cried Dr. Mortimer, "it is only mislaid. You will find it when you return to the hotel. What is the use of Mr. Holmes with trifles of this kind?" "Well, he asked me to be outside the ordinary routine," said Mr. Holmes, "however foolish the incident may seem. You have lost one of your boots, you say?" "Well, mislaid it, anyhow. I put them out . They are both back to my door and on the door last night, and I bought them at only one last morning. I get no sense out of the chap who cleans the door". "The worst thing about them is that I only bought the pair on the door in the Strand, and we have never checked them on." "If you have never worn them, what have you put them out to be ?" "Your boots were tan boots