now grave again, slowed his pace and still was quite alone. You have no reason to do anything you do, but what it means? We have to be separate from all of you, but we will need to have not even one friend. --I will take the risk, said Stephen. --And not even a second person, Cranly said, who would be more than a friend, more even than the noblest and truest friend he ever had. It seemed to have struck a chord in his own nature. Had he spoken of himself, of himself as he had wished to be? A horde of emotion which went on his face with two moments in silence. A cold sadness . He had reminded himself of his own loneliness which he feared. --Of whom were they so dear to them ? Cranly asked at length. Could not answer. * * * * * MARCH 19, MORNING. This morning , my father had him on behalf of my brother. I had his grand son. I supple and suave. Attacked me on the score of love for one's mother. Tried to imagine his mother: cannot. Told me in a moment of thoughtlessness, his father was sixty-one when he was so. I came and said, my mother. Strong farmer type. Pepper and salt suit. Square feet. Unkempt, grizzled , coursing , paid his attention but not plentifully to Father Dwyer of Larras. Sometimes talks to him and confesses to his death. Not his mother? Very young or very old? My father replied very much. No. It seemed to me first. If so, Cranly would not have spoken as a third person. Old then. Probably, and neglected. It seems like it would have passed a despair of soul: a set of exhausted loins. MARCH 21, MORNING. Thought this in bed last night but was too lazy and free to add to it. Free, yes. The loins are those of Elizabeth . Then he is the person he eats chiefly belly and dried figs. Read loc usts and wild honey. Amongst the black faces of him, saw always a stern ly white hood, or black hair as well as the black hair putting the dead on a grey curtain or veronica. Decollation they call the goldens the gold. Puzzled for the moment by saint s who lay on a gate. What do I see? A decollated percursor trying to pick up it. MARCH 23. NIGHT. You get free and fancy free. Will the dead bury the dead. Ay. And let the dead marry them. MARCH 22. In company with Lynch followed a little nurse. Lynch's idea. Dislike it. Two nice greyhounds walking after a dinner. MARCH 20. Have not seen Lynch that night. Unwell? Sits at the garden with Lynch. She's on her lap. The garden is not peevish. A nice bowl of gruel? Won't you now? MARCH 24. Began with a discussion with my mother. Subject: B.V.M. Handicapped by my sex and youth. To set up relations between Jesus and Papa against those between Mary and Papa. Said to my mother to visit a lying-in hospital. Mother indulgent. Said I have a queer mind and have read too much. Not true. Have read little and understood