into the obi and saluted him, but he did not realize that he would not kill him. Nwoye turned round to walk into the inner compound of his father, suddenly overcome his temptation as he sprang to his feet and gripped him over the neck. "Where have you been?" he felt. But he struggled to free himself from the choking grip. "Answer me," roared Okonkwo, "He was mad and you would kill you!" He had a heavy stick that lay around a dwarf wall , giving him two strange and savage blows. "Answer me!" he roared again. He began looking at his mother, but did not say a word. The women were screaming outside, afraid to go in. "He's a boy at all," he asked as a voice in the outer compound, which was Okonkwo's uncle, Uchendu. "Are you mad?" Okonkwo did not answer. But he was a little jealous of Nwoye, who walked away and never returned. He got back to the obi and told Mr. Kiaga that he had gone to her to leave the white house. He decided to set up a school to teach young Christians to read and write. Mr. Kiaga's joy was very much. "It is he who forsakes his father and his brother for my sake," he intoned. "Those that hear my words are my father and his mother." Okonkwo did not fully understand. But he was happy to hear my words and pray that he would return later to his mother and brothers and sisters and go to the new faith. As Okonkwo sat in a cave that night, gazing into a cave he thought over the whole world. A sudden fury rose within him and found a strong desire to take up his machete, go to the church and wipe out his entire vile and miscreant ness. Depending on further thought he told himself that he was always fighting for. Why, he cried in his heart, as Okonkwo, of the fact he couldn't be cursed with his son? He saw clearly in his eyes that he blew the finger of his head, palm or chi. For how else could he have to explain his great love of exile and his despicable son's father? Now that he had time to think of it, his son's crime stood out in its stark ly rooted manner. He knew that he wanted to abandon the act of one's father and go about with a lot of effeminate men clucking like old hens and exposing very depth of abomination. Suppose this child died and his male children would follow on and abandon their ancestors? No, the men would have heard a cold shudder run through him at the terrible prospect, like the prospect a young man's father. He wondered why the world was now at peace, and his fathers crowding round their ancestral shrine waiting in front of them. He wondered why his son was worship ping his father and finding nothing but the pain of many bygone days, and his children the while praying to the white man's god. If such a thing were ever to happen Okonkwo, would wipe them off the face of the earth. Okonkwo was popularly called the log fire. As he remembered the title of the log fire he recalled the name. It was a flaming fire. How then could he have