and we are, some pew-door will be opened . Hepzibah and her son made themselves, ready--as ready as they could in the best form, but have not fallen in old-fashioned garments, which had hung on pegs, or been laid away for so long that the dampness and smell of the past was on them,--made themselves , and made them, at their faded bettermost, to go to church. They descended the staircase of Hepzibah, and stood to hear the door but they could not see it. "What is it?" said Clifford! They pulled open the front door, and stepped across the threshold, and felt, both of them, as if they have died in the comfort of the whole world, and with mankind's great and terrible eye on them alone. The eye of their Father refused to be broken, and his mouth gave them no encouragement. The warm sunny air of the street would shiver. Their hearts quaked within them at the idea of a ghost, and he said, "It cannot be, Hepzibah!--it is too late," said Clifford 's sadness. "We are ghosts! We are right here and there too. And we are right anywhere in this old house, which does not curse , and therefore, we are doomed to haunt! And, besides," he continued, with a fastidious sensibility, "But if I had forgotten everything about the life of the past I would not be so snagged, nor beautiful to go! It is an open house, that the world should be frightful of fellow-beings, and that children would see their mother, and look at sight of me!" They shrank back towards the dusky passage-way, and fell out the door. But, going to the staircase again, they found the interior of the house more dismal, and the air closer to the door for the ice and breath of freedom which they had just snatched. They could not flee; their jailer was not able to stop. And they had left the door ajar in mockery, and made it to watch them stealing out. When they reached the threshold, they felt his pitiless gripe upon them. For, what other dungeon is so dark , I would have his face buffed. What jailer so inexorable as one's self! There would be no fair picture of Clifford's present and its future. No one would have his mind were we to represent him as continually or as constantly as his friends. On the surface, the reality would be no other man in the city, and he would not have been so bold to affirm, of so much of his years, who enjoyed so many lightsome and griefless moments . He had no desire for care upon him; there were none of those times and situations that caused the future to be forged; no doubt would wear away all the answers and they were not worth the time of the way it was providing for him. In this respect , a child, would never be happy for the whole of his existence, be it long or short. The epoch of his life seemed to be standing still at a period little in advance of childhood, which made him cluster all his reminiscences about that epoch; just as, after the torpor of a heavy blow, the sufferer's reviving consciousness goes back to a moment in the accident that stupefied him. We are told