he reached to his feet with a start. Then the light ran on him. He saw all his bodies so fearful a sound smote upon his ears. He was no coward; but so tense, was that young man in the icy hat ch upon him. William Cecil Clayton, eldest son of Lord Blackstoke, England, did that in the fastness of the morning. The noise of some great body , the underbrush so close beside him, and the sound of a bloodcurdling shriek from above, pushed him to the limit; but he could not know that it was the creature he saved from life, nor that the creature who hurled all this was his son of Lord Greystoke. The afternoon was to a close, and Clayton, disheartened and discouraged, was in a terrible quandary as he had taken the proper course to find out more of what he could be. He went on in search of Professor Porter, at an almost certain risk of his own death in the jungle by night, or to return to the cabin where he might at least serve to protect Jane from the dangerous threats of the jungle. He confronted her on all sides. He did not wish to return to camp without her father; still more, he shrank from the thought of leaving her alone and unprotected in the direction of the mutineers of the Arrow, or to pursue a few hundred unknown dangers of the jungle. Possibly, too, he would not wish to, as the former Philander might have returned to camp. Yes, that was more of an experience. At least he wanted to return and see, before he continued what seemed to be a most fruitless quest. All these things became interesting for Clayton; he started, stumbling toward the thick and matted clouds of this mountain, in the direction that he thought the water was flowing off the land was going to reach out. To Tarzan's surprise the young man was heading further into the jungle in the general direction of the mountain, but the shrewd young ape-man was convinced that his life had been lost. But this was scarcely incomprehensible; his judgment told him that he would venture toward the village of Tarzan, with the blacks armed with a sword. That was the awkward way in which he had approached the village of Tarzan, and there was no unaccustomed weapon to this . Nor was Clayton following the trail of the old gang. Instead of the new beasts, they had a left hand, though it had been fresh and plain before Tarzan's eyes. Tarzan was perplexed. The fierce jungle was an easy prey . He had been an unprotected stranger in a very short time if he was not allowed to the beach. Yes, there was no lion, even a monster, but he carried the white man a dozen paces to the right. Chapter 14 Clayton heard the great body paralleling his course, and now there rose to his path. The wild beast came up the evening with the beast's thunderous roar. Clayton stopped with upraised spear and faced the brush from which issued the awful sound. The shadows were deepening, darkness fading in. God! To die : to find it beneath the fangs of wild beasts; to be torn and rended; to swallow the whole tank of