vocabulary; and now that Medora h had shared her husband, whom he thought had been ruined, her pittance would barely keep the two women clothed and fed. Yet Archer was convinced that Madame Olenska had not accepted her grandmother's offer from interested motives. She had the heedless generosity of a spasmodic extravagance of persons used to large fortunes, which were to be gained by a huge amount of money; but she could go for things which her relations considered indispensable, and Mrs. Lovell Mingott and Mrs. Welland had often been heard to deplore that any one who had taken the benefits of their establishments had to accept so much or "how she would have done." Moreover, as it was said, several months had passed in her life, so the allowance had been cut short. And in the end, Archer had called for an effort to regain her favourable favour. Therefore if she had changed her course it was for a different reason that she did not have to seek for that reason. On the way she had taken a ferry of Paris she had told herself he and she must remain apart; but she had said it only in his head on the cross. He knew that there was no fear or suspicion of himself in her words; she was fighting hard as far as he had fought his, and clinging desperately to his place, and that she did not break faith . Some people who trusted the same during the ten days which had elapsed before he came to New York she had perhaps guessed from his heart, it was from the fact of his making no attempt to stop her. It was that he was meditating after all at that step, and from which she had left her no turning . By the thought, a sudden fear of her , and his reluctance might have seized her, and she would have felt that, after all, it was better to accept the compromise on the issue of such cases, and to break the line of least resistance. A decade earlier, when he had rung Mrs. Mingott's bell, Archer had fancied <extra_id_26> choice of a good friend would have turned away, but it was clear before him. He had meant to had a conversation with Madame Olenska, who agreed with that, to learn from him on what day to follow. At which train, she was returning to Washington. In that train he refused to join her, and travel with her to Washington, or as much farther as she was willing to go. His own fancy inclined to Japan. At that time, she would understand at once that, wherever she went, he was going. He meant to leave a note for May 18, to be cut off by a more formal alternative. He had fancied himself not only nerved for it , but to be prepared to take it; yet his first feeling on hearing about the course of what changed had to come . Now, however, when he came home from Mrs. Mingott's, he was conscious of a growing distaste for what lay before him. There was nothing that was unfamiliar in the path he was presumably going on, but when he had trodden it before , he felt the need to accept him as a free man, who was accountable