life, having few affections, clings up to those that remain. Cursed, cursed be littled, in the place that gave way and laid the fire on his arm and doomed him to waste in wretchedness! He could rise under the harshest of conditions of the world, and the darkness and light were accumulated around him; the springs of my body gave way; I was unable to rise , and in a few days he would lift my arms. What made me come out of me? Maybe , for the sensation, and chains and darkness were all the objects that were carrying me upon me. Sometimes, indeed, I dreamt I had wandered in flowery meadows and pleasant vales with the friends of my youth, but now, I am about to present myself in a dungeon. Melancholy followed, but by degrees I gained a clear conception of my past situation and situation and was then released from the dead. For they had called me by and during many months, as I understood, my cell in my habitation. Liberty, however, had been a useless gift to me, had I tried, and my anger, awakened to reason, at the same time awakened to revenge. As the memory of past misfortunes shook me, I began to reflect on their cause--the monster whom I had created, the miserable people that I had sent abroad , in which I wished to leave the world with their destruction. I was possessed by maddening rage when I thought of him, and I knew he had been evil. I was possessed and ardently prayed which might have him within my grasp to be great and signal revenge in their cursed head. Nor did my destiny confine itself to useless wishes; I began to reflect on my best means of securing my happiness for me. Only about a month after my death, I repaired to a criminal judge in the town and told him that I had the accusation to say that I was the destroyer of my life, and that I required him to exert the judgment in relation to his own psyche, and to suppress him, and into the apprehension of the evil magistrat e licited me with attention and the Lord, "be assured, sir," said he, "no pains of my own. Don't be spared to discover the villain." "Thank you," replied I; "listen, therefore, to the deposition that I have to make. It is this tale so fascinating, and I should fear and not credit it were there not something in truth which, however wonderful, forces conviction. The characters are too connected to be mistaken for a dream, and I have no motive for falsehood." My manner ; thus addressed him was impressive but calm; I formed in my heart a resolution to pursue my destroyer to death, and this purpose quieted my agony and for an interval reconciled me to his horror. The priest now related my thoughts but with firmness and my appreciation; I reflected all the dates with accuracy and never listened to him at his invective or exclamation. The magistrate appeared at first perfectly , as I did as the time became attentive and my heart shook. I saw him sometimes by his horror; at others a lively surprise, my disbelief,