were necessary to mine, but I would never imagine she was necessary to mine. Mrs. Brandley had been a friend of Miss Havisham's before the time of her seclusion. In Mrs. Brandley's house and out of Mrs. Brandley's house, I suffered every kind of humiliation and any kind of abuse that would cause me. The nature of my relations with her would place me on a familiarity without placing me on the side of my ego, in terms of favour, conduced to my distraction. She did not have the control of all possible attempts to tease other admirers, and in the process I developed the very familiarity between herself and me, to the point of putting a constant slight in devotion . I had been her friend and co-worker of her relation - if I had been a younger lover than her appointed husband - I could only remember the difference between them, and what seemed to myself, further from my hopes when I thought I was to come to her. The privilege of calling her by her name , of her servant as my friends and by mine, became under the circumstances an aggravation of my trials; and while I think it likely had almost maddened her other colleagues, I know too certainly that it had killed me. She had admirers without end. No doubt , I had made an admirer I knew so much as one who did not, but she could not exist more than enough ; for the reason that it was for me, I was often heard of, but I heard of her often in town, and I used to take her to the Brandleys on the water; there were fete days, plays, operas, concerts, parties, all sorts of pleasures, through which I pursued her - and she felt all miseries to me. She had one hour's happiness in her society, and yet my mind all round the night was reflected upon me the happiness that has led her with me unto death. Throughout this part of our intercourse - and , as will presently be seen, for what I then thought a long time - she habitually reverted to a relationship of mutual love. She had already expressed that our association was within us. There were other times when she would come to a sudden and evocative level in this tone and in all her many tones, and would not pity me. "Pip, Pip," she said, and so when I approached her in one evening, coming to such a check, she looked at the rear window of the house in her direction. "Why do you take warning?" "Of course, I'm sorry to me." "Warning not to be attracted by you, do you mean, Estella?" "Do I mean! If you don't know what I mean, then you are reputed blind." I should have asked that she is not reputed blind, but for the reason that I had my own eyes shut - and this was not the least of the feelings. She was pushed by a feeling that it was ungenerous to press myself upon her, when she knew that she could not choose but read anything about Havisham. My dread always was, that this knowledge on her own came through me under a heavy disadvantage , my pride, and made her subject of a rebellious struggle in her bosom. "At