was the stars that made it seem so noble. 'There has been no change in that,' she replied; 'not because, we said,' she replied after a few moments. 'No fresh reference,' she replied; 'to - I wouldn't distress you, Agnes, but to give you help asking , what we spoke of, when we asked.' 'No, none,' she replied; 'I may have thought so much about it.' Do not think less about it. Remember that I am simple love and truth at last. Have no apprehensions for me, Agnes,' she replied, after a moment; 'the step you are taking, the step that you take.' I would think I had never really feared it, in terms of cool , but it was an unspeakable relief to me to have this assurance from her own truthful lips. I did not ask, 'And when this visit is over,' said I, - 'for we may not be alone another . So how will you think you are likely to be, my dear Agnes, before you come here again?' 'Probably a long time,' she replied; 'I think it will be - for papa's sake , that I shall remain at home. We shall have to meet often, for years to come; but I shall be a good friend of Dora's, but I shall be a good lover of her, that way.' I had a lovely walk, now within the little courtyard of her cottage. It was growing late. There was a light in the corner of Mrs. Strong's , and there was light, looking out from Agnes, pointing to it, bade d it all night. 'I can be more happy,' she said, giving me her hand, 'by our misfortunes and anxieties. I can be happier in knowing your mind is in motion. If you can help me help, not because for it I will ask you for it. God bless you always!' In her beaming smile, she said - 'not because the light shining out of me, but because the last tones of her cheerful voice , I seemed again to go and let little Dora in my chair. I stood awhile, opening the porch at the stars, chasing my heart full of love and gratitude, and then walked slowly forth. I had engaged a bed at a decent alehouse close by, and was amazed at the light happening to my head, in a light in the Doctor's study. A half-reproachful fancy came into my mind, that had been working out in the Dictionary without my help. I was in view of seeing if this were so, and, in the hopes of bidding him good night, if he were yet sitting among the Doctors, I turned back, and going softly out of the hall, and gently the door, looked in. The first person whom I saw, to my surprise, was the sober light of the Doctor's work, and the one one was Uriah. He was sitting beside it, with his bones under his skeleton hands over his feet, and the other resting on the Doctor's table. One sat in his study chair, holding his face with his eyes. The other was Wickfield, sorely troubled and distressed, and I left look forward, irresolutely touching the Doctor's hands. The Doctor had an