it should not be a lack of energy or persever- ance that you miss the chance which was often thrown the way. The sun was already sinking when I reached the summit of the hill, and the long slopes beneath me were all golden-green on one side and gray shadow on the other. A haze lay low upon the farthest sky-line, out of darkness that jutted the path of the Tor. Over the other side of the woods, there was no sound of movement. One great gray bird, a gull or curlew, soared aloft in the blue heaven. He and I were said to be the only living things -- the huge arch of the sky and the desert beneath it. The barren scene, the sense of loneliness, and the mystery and urgency of time all went to chill into my heart. The boy was nowhere to be seen. But down beneath the rock in a cleft of the hills in a circle of the old stone huts, there were two giant stories on the back of me, and there was one which retained his vision to act like a screen in the weather. The flames leaped within my mind, as I stood through it. This must be the burrow that the stranger lurked. At last my foot fell over the threshold of his hiding place -- his secret was within my grasp. As I approached the hut, as warily as Stapleton was, when with poised net he was in the settled butterfly, I satisfied myself that the place had indeed been used as a habita- tion. A pathway raging with a tower of stone boulders led to the dilapidated opening which served as the entrance to the door. All the signs were within. The unknown might be lurking there, or he might be in front of the house, as my nerves tingled with the sense s of defiance. When I laid aside my hand, I sat a wooden hand upon my y revolver and, walking through the area along the door, I looked to see the way of the staircase. The gate was quite empty. But there were ample signs that I had not come to this false scent. This was certainly where the man lived. Some blankets rolled across, while a waterproof lay upon that very stone slab upon which he had once slumbered. The fire or the fire were heaped in a rude grate. Then there lay a hand cup of water, a bucket half-full . A litter of empty tins showed that the place had been occupied for some time, and I could see as my eyes became accustomed to that light, a pannikin in the half-full bottle of spirits standing in the corner. In the middle of this picture, a table and blanket served the purpose of a table, with a chair, and beneath this stood a small cloth bundle -- the same, with which I had seen with a telescope upon the shoulder of a boy. It contained a large glass of bread, a tinned tongue, and two tins of preserved peaches. As I set it up again, as I examined it, my heart leaped to see that beneath it there lay