chapters ; and my death (Trin Turambar) introduced peculiar difficulties, in which their authors had remained unchanged for years, and were in some respects in serious disharmony with the conceptions in other parts of the book. For such things, my understanding of consistency (either within the compass of it itself or between its original, written, and other aspects of my collection) was not to be looked for, and could not be avoided, if at all at a needless cost. Moreover, my own contribution to the Silmarillion as a compilation, a compendious narrative, made long of sources of great diversity (poems, and annals, and oral tales) and survived in agelong tradition; and this represents its parallel in the history of its author for a great deal of earlier prose and texts. It does not underlie it, and it is to some extent a compendium in fact and in many ways the same in theory. This may be ascribed to the speed of the narrative , and the inordinate amounts of detail in different ways; the contrast (for example) of the difference of place and motive in the context of Trin Turambar beside the Valaquenta (in a remote account of the end of the First Age, when Thangorodrim was broken and Morgoth overthrown; and also a reflection of language and , at various obscurities, now and there, their continued rise in the form of cohesion. In the case of the Valaquenta, he must have to assume that while it contains an entire collection of short works of scientific wisdom, it must go back to the earliest days of his lives, including the first period in Valinor, it was remodelled in later times; and thus explain its continual shifting of tense and viewpoint, so that the divine powers seem now present and active in the world, now remote, a vanished order known only to memory. The book, though entitled as it is, shows the existence of the latter. The book includes not only the Quenta Silmarillion, or Silmarillion proper, but also several short works. The first works have been written by Silmarillion and Valaquenta, which are given at the end of the first century. They are indeed closely related with The Silmarillion; but the two names of the Lord and Of the Heaven of Power, which appear at the end, are (it must to emphasised) wholly separate . They are attached to my father's explicit intention; and by their inclusion is set forth as the entire history is set forth from the Music of the World on wards, as the world began to the passing of the Ringbearers from the havens of the First Century to the beginning of the Second Age at the beginning of the Third Age. The number of names that appear in the first century is very very large, and they appear in a full index; the number of other names (Ins, Women and Men) who play an important part in the history of the First Age is very much smaller, and the bulk of these will be found in the genealogical records. In addition I have a table setting out the rather complex naming of the different Elvish peoples; a note on the pronunciation of the second century name, and a list of some of the chief elements found in these names; and . It should be noted that