of delivering himself, new evidence of having thought of this one topic, in which it was 'rough to our reckoning,' he proceeded, and looked, 'I know she was here, and it is like, one day, to make her own poor solitary course to London. I know - Mas'r Davy, me, and all of us - that you are innocent of everything that has befell upon the unborn child. You've spoke of her , my kind, and gentle to you. Bless her, I knew she was! I knew she always loved me! You love her all. You're an individual. We love her, and you love her. Help us all you know!'. 'I love you. find her, and may Heaven reward you!' She looked at him and said, 'That was her first time, as if she were doubtful of what she had said. Does she trust me?' she spoke with a low voice . 'Full and free!' said Mr. Peggotty. 'To speak to me, I should ever be honest, but then, if there is any shelter to divide with her; and with her knowledge, come to you, and bring you to her?' she asked hurriedly. We both replied together, 'Yes!' , raising up her eyes, and solemnly . He said she would devote herself to it, fervently and faithfully. That she would have all of this at the beginning was, no doubt , never go to its place; and never relinquish it, while there was no danger of hope. If she ever kept her true to it, might the object she now had , which bound to something devoid of danger, or its passing away , leave her forlorn and more despairing, as were possible, than she had found herself on the river's brink that night; and then might , the human and Divine, renounce her judgment, but did not raise it above us, or address us , but said this to the night sky; she seemed profoundly quiet, looking at the gloomy water. We judged it expedient, but I said by her all we knew; which I recounted at the last minute. She listened with great attention, with a face that often changed, but had the same purpose in all its depths. Her eyes were adorned with tears, but those she witnessed seemed as if the spirit were quite altered, and she could not be said. She asked, when all is changed where she had to be communicated with, if occasion should arise. Under the lamp in the road, I put my two addresses on a book, in my pocket-book, which I tore out and gave to her, and which she put in her purse; when I asked her where she was. She said, after a moment, no place a woman were better than I didn’t know. Mr. Peggotty suggesting , in a whisper, what had already occurred to me was when I took her purse; I could prevail . Her decision was not to agree to accept any money, nor to exact any promise from her that she would do so, by another time. I represented to her that