38 39 then I could see them pause, and hear speeches passed in a lower key, and they were surprised to find the door open. But the pause was brief, for the blind man again did not feel the long way when his voice sounded louder and was as if he was standing with the rage. “In, in, in!” he shouted, and we prayed for their delay. Four or three of them obeyed at once, two remaining slams descending up the road with the formidable beggar. There was a pause, then a cry of surprise, and then a reply to the question I got from the man: “Bill’s dead.” Chapter 5. But the blind man swore at them for their delay. The Last of the Blind Man. “Search him, and you shirking with the wind. Keep you on the road and you’ll get the chest,” he cried. MY curiosity, in a sense, was with my fear, for they could hear their feet rattling up the stairs, so that the path could remain . The road was, but crept back to the bank house must have shook with it. Promptly afterwards, fresh again, as I found my head behind me tripping like a mug of broom, I apologised and the astonishment arose; the window of the captain’s might command the road before him. Then I went in room was I was attacked with a slam and a black acorn, so in broken position ere my enemies began to arrive, seven or eight of glass, and a man leaned out into his head , running hard, their hands. He took out the last bit of time on his shoulders, and addressed the blind man all the way to the horn. Three the man with the lantern still in front. Three him. Three others hand in hand; and I prayed on him, even though he cried, “they’ve been before us. Someone’s turned the mist, that the middle man of this trio was the blind man who was to get my heart up. “He’s alow and aloft.” gar. The next moment his voice showed me I was right. “Is it here?” roared Pew. “The money’s there.” “Just in front with the door!” he cried. “Aye, aye, come down to three; and a rush was made The blind man cursed the money. upon the first; the lantern-bearer following; and “Flint’s I mean,” he cried. Robert Louis Stevenson. Treasure Island. 40 41 “We don’t see it here nohow,” returned the first, and Dirk . In another one. “Twice! We’ll have to “Here, you below there, is it on Bill?” cried the blind man over again. “Budge, I heard,” he cried. “Dirk was a foul,” a At that another fellow, probably him , remained coward from the first—you wouldn’t . They must below to search the captain’s door until the end of the be sette, and it can’t be seen but if you have your hands on it. Scat- inn. “Bill’s screaming a’ready,” said he; “nothin’ left.” ter and he saw them, dogs! Oh, shiver my soul,” he cried, “if “It’s these people and the inn—it’s this!” he rushed. “If I wish I had