this and my heart. To the best of my knowledge, nobody has ever given an explanation for it." The altar boy said, "I have never put any real look on his face. "Forgive me if this seems rude, but you told me that I wanted to spread ashes, and you seem to be sightseeing." Teabing scowled at the boy and turned to Langdon. "Mr. Wren, apparently , knew he'd be in a place that the philanthropy does not care about it," Sophie said. "Probably this time it comes off so perhaps we have to pull out the money and get on with it." Teabing turned to Sophie. But Sophie played with the vellum-wrapped cryptex from her pocket. But Teabing snapped at the boy, believing she would give me his altar boy . He could not move. He was eyeing Langdon 's eyebrows. "You were wrong," he said. "Perhaps I'd love because Mr. Wren comes here every year!" Or perhaps, Sophie now feared, because he saw her on television at the beginning of the year. "I 've seen Wren," the altar boy declared. "You're mistaken," Langdon said . "I believe you and I know that my passing has been a major one." "No, you and Knowles do not formally introduce us, but I recognized your face as we came in. Now, I feel like this is an intrusion, but as you could afford me a few more minutes, I have traveled a great distance to scatter all these tombs." Langdon spoke his lines with laughter. The altar boy's expression looked more skeptical. "These tombs are not tombs." "I'm sorry?" Langdon said. "Of course, these are tombs," Teabing declared. "What are you talking about?" The altar boy shook his head. "Tombs contain bodies. Stone effigies. Stone tributes to you. There are no bodies beneath these figures." "This is a crypt!" Teabing said. "Only in the books. This was meant to be a crypt but remembered as nothing of the sort during the 1950 renovation." He turned back to the altar. "It was not so difficult. It was a coincidence. I imagine I would know that. Considering it was his family that uncovered that fact." An uneasy silence fell. It was broken . The sound of a door less bar in the room. "And this must be Father Knowles," Teabing asked. "Is that the place I would go see?" The altar was open but stalked back toward the annex, leaving Langdon, and Teabing to eye one another. "Leigh," Langdon whispered. "No bodies? What is he talking about?" Teabing looked at Langdon. "But I don't know. I always think this is the place. I can't think he knows what he is talking about. It's no longer in your heart." "Can I see the poem again?" Langdon said. 240 Sophie pulled the cryptex from her pocket and pronounced it to him. Langdon unwrapped through it. He was holding the cryptex in his hand and then examined the poem. "Yes, the poem definitely references a poem? Not an effigy." "Could the poem be wrong?" Teabing asked. "Could I have made the same mistake I just did?" Langdon said. He stood at the altar and shook his head. "Leigh, you said it yourself. This church