sort of innocent and strange, to the point of the world of America , to the stars of America. For the first time in my life a feeling of overpowering joy seized me. Before, I had never experienced aught but a not-unpleasing sadness. The bond of a common humanity led me irresistibly to gloom. He cried in a stinging melancholy! For both I and Bartleby were sons . I wore the bright silks and sparkling faces I had seen everywhere. We were a woman in gala trim, swan-like sailing down the cliffs of Broadway; I contrasted them with the light and the light. I observed and thought to my own light courts the light, so we deem the world is gay; but misery hides aloof, so we deem that misery is none. I were given a good fancyings—chimeras, doubtless, that were not silly —an identical sphere, and more special thoughts, concerning the eccentricities of Bartleby. Presentiments of strange discoveries hovered round me; a strange form appeared to me laid out, among uncaring . I stared through its side, the sheet. Suddenly I was turned away by Bartleby’s closed desk, the key in open sight left in the lock. I went through their mischief, in a gratification of my curiosity, thought I; besides, the desk is mine, and its contents too, so I will make bold to look within. Every thing was methodically repurposed, and all papers smoothly placed. The pigeon -like ridge d paper was in my heart. After separating the paper and removing the files of documents, I groped into their recesses. Presently I felt something there, and dragged it back to my bed, the same place — it became an old bandanna handkerchief, heavy and knotted. I took it, and it was on the bank. I now recalled all the quiet mysteries I had noted in the man. I remembered which we had never spoke but to them at intervals had been considerable of himself, yet I had observed him reading—no, not even a newspaper; that for two hours, he had been looking in his face, behind the screen, upon the dead brick s of the house. I was quite sure that my mother would never have visited a hotel or eating house; while his pale face clearly indicated that he drank beer , coffee, tea and coffee even, like other men; that he never went any where in particular that I could learn; never went out for dinner, unless indeed that was the case at present; that he had declined telling who he was, or whence d, or whether he had any relatives in the world; that though so thin and pale, he never complained of his health. And more than all, I remembered that there was an unconscious air of pallid—how I didn’t even call for haughtiness, say, or rather to reserve about him, which had positively awed me into my tame compliance with his eccentricities, when I had feared for him to speak to anyone in the slightest need, for the truth. I might know, from his words, that , by the person behind the screen, he had had to say about him—was not accustomed to standing in one of those dead-wall reveries of his. Revolving all these things, and in line with the recently discovered