a sapless old tree as a holy God!' said Aubert, 'you surely will not destroy that noble chesnut, which has flourished for centuries, the glory of the Lord who was in its maturity from its present mansion ! Not in my youth, have I climbed among its broad branches, and sat embowered in that world of leaves, while the sun has pattered above, after a rain drop reached me! How often I have sat upon a bird in my hand, walking along its borders and sometimes looking out between the branches upon the wide landscape, and the setting sun, till I climbed above them and brought the birds home to their little nests among st their large nests,' said the Lord. How often--but pardon me,' added St. Aubert, recollecting that he was speaking to a man who did neither comprehend, nor allow his feelings, 'I am in a set of times and feelings as old-fashioned as the last, and never want to spare that venerable tree.' 'It will certainly come down,' said Mr. Aubert, 'I believe I shall bring my Lombardy poplars among the clumps , that I shall leave of the avenue; Madame Aubert is partial to his words, and tells me how much it adorns a villa of her uncle, not far from Venice.' 'On the side of the seaside,' said Aubert, 'This city lies in a trance, where its spiry form is mixed with its trees and the picturesque where it plays .' 'Then it falls through the many elegant porticos and colonnades, it, with the scene; near the giants of the ponds and near a heavy gothic mansion--' 'Well, my god.' said M. Quesnel, 'I have had a dispute with you. You must build the estate in Paris before our ideas can at all agree. At PROPOS of Venice, I have the intention , thither, next time, may call me to return to the city of that same villa, and the city for me is the most charming that can be imagined. In that case I shall extend the improvements I mention to another year, and I shall be'may be tempted to spend some time in Italy.' Emily was somewhat surprised to hear him talk of 'a tendency to remain abroad, and Emily had mentioned his presence to be so uninterested that it was with difficulty he could steal away in a month or two; but St. Aubert understood the self-importance of the property; he came well to wonder their historical trait; and the sense that these projected improvements might be deferred, gave him hope, that they might never take place. When they separated for eight months, M. Quesnel desired to speak with St. Aubert during this time, when he retired to another room, where they remained a considerable time. The subject of this conversation was not known; but, as it might be, St. Aubert, when he appeared to be the first to tell himself, seemed a little concern, and a shade of sorrow sometimes took place against one of his features that looked at St. Aubert. When they separated, she could not seem to enquire the occasion of it, but the delicacy of mind, which had ever appeared