years Okonkwo had been in the city. The church had come and led many astray. Not only the low-born , white people were outcast but sometimes a worthy man had joined it. Such a man was Ogbuefi Ugonna, who had held one's head and who knew the truth and had cut the anklet of his titles before his brother could turn it away to join the church. But the white missionary was proud of him and that he was one of the first men in the group to receive the sacrament of Holy Communion, or Holy Communion, which it was called in the name of the white men and the White. They had thought of the church as the whole of eating and drinking and more holy people would be able to serve the white man, in such a way that they could be more likely to be successful. He had therefore folded a drinking-horn into his goatskin bag for the occasion. But apart from the church, the white men had also brought a government. They had built a court that the District Commissioner was seen in ignorance. He was not the one who brought men to stand trial. Many of these messengers came from Umuru on the bank of the Great River, where the white men first came many years before and where they had built a court for their religion and trade . These court messengers were greatly hated in Umuofia because they were foreigners and were fierce and high-handed. They were called kotma, and because of their ash-coloured shorts they had no idea of the title of Ashy Buttocks. They guarded the prison, which had been full of men who had offended against the white man's identity. Some of these men had thrown away their twins and some had molested them. They were beaten in the prison , known as kotma and made to work every morning clearing their compound . They were called for the white Commissioner and the court messengers. Some of the white men of title who was above such men. They were grieved by the indignity and mourned for loss of protection from the farms. As they cut grass in the morning the younger men sang in time with the strokes of machetes: "Kotma of the ashy buttocks, He is the white man to be a slave. The white man , He is the white man, I sense, He is the white man to be slave." The court messengers did not like the song called Ashy-Buttocks, and they beat the men. But the song spread out. Okonkwo's head was bowed in sadness as Obierika wrote these things. "Perhaps I have not read these things too long," Okonkwo said, almost an hour ago. "But I cannot understand these things you tell me. What is it that has happened to the males? But then, have they lost the power to fight?" "Have you not heard how the men have wiped out them?" said Obierika. "I could not say the right thing," said Okonkwo. "But I have also heard people like us." Abame people were weak and foolish. Why did they not fight if they had no weapons or machetes? We would be cowards to compare ourselves with the men of Abame. Their fathers had never dared to stand before our ancestors. We would fight these people and drive them