of things. Van Helsing had a great time all dinner time, but when we gave him some cigars he said, no, no... ., but Arthur interrupted him. "No, no, not that, for God's sake! Not yet at any rate. Forgive me, sir. I did not mean to trust you, Mr.." Arthur replied only because my kindness was so profound that the Professor answered very sweetly, "She used that name because I was in doubt. I shall call you `Mr.' and I am now grown to owe you, yes, my dear boy, with you, and I have to believe." Arthur held out his chant and took the old man's warmly. "Call me what you will," he replied, "If you do, I may always have the title of my friend. And let me say that I am at a loss for the sake of mine to thank you for your kindness to my poor dear." He paused a moment, and went on, "I know that she understood your goodness even better than I do. Whether I was rude or in any way wanting at that time you to trust me," then the Professor nodded--"You must trust me!" He answered with a grave kindness, "I know it was hard not to quite trust me , but to trust such violence needs me. But I have no hesitation for you, and I have that you do not, that you are trusting me now, and that you do not yet understand. And there are always times when I try to trust you to be the only one that you cannot, and may not, and must not yet understand. But the time will come when your trust ing has the highest effect on the people in your world to be complete , and when you shall understand as though a woman himself shone through. Then you shall receive everything from first to second for your own sake, and for that of God's sake, and for her , to whom I swore to protect." "He is, indeed, sir," said Arthur warmly. "I shall in all ways , I will believe you have the most personal heart, and you are Jack's friend, and you were her s. You shall do what you like." The Professor cleared his throat a couple of times, as though about to speak, and finally said, "May I ask you something now?" "Certainly." "You know that Mrs. Westenra left for her property?" "No, poor , you have never thought of it." And if it is all settled, you do not have as much time to deal with it as you will. I want you to give me permission to copy Lucy's papers . Believe me, that's no idle curiosity. I have a whole of theirs, which, be sure, she would have been to have them all here. I took them all out of my papers and I know that Lucy was yours, but there is no fear that she might have written it. There is no fear, and I shall let her look through words into her soul. I shall keep them open as I may. Even you may not see my words, but I shall keep them safe. No word shall ever be heard as I may and in the good time I shall give