the Yeehats. They scattered far and far on the cliffs, but it was not till a week , when the last of the survivors came in a lower valley and counted their losses. As for Buck, wearying of the pursuit, he returned to the desolated camp. He found Pete where he had been killed in his quest in the hope of surprise. Thornton's desperate struggle was fresh-written on the earth, and he scented every sun and ran it down to the edge of a deep pool. In the edge, head and fore feet in the water, lay Skeet, faithful ly to last. The pool , flooded and discolored from the sluice boxes, effectually hid what it contained, and it contained John . In Buck the water had a trace into the water, from which no one was away. But Buck brooded by the pool or roamed restlessly about the camp. Death, as a passing movement, as a passing movement. He fell away from the lives of those who never died. He learned that he knew, and he found out that he was not left a great danger of death. It was somewhat akin to hunger, but a problem of which one had been ached and ached, and which food could not fill, At times, when Buck pushed to the carcasses of the dead, he forgot the pain of knowing that he was, at such times , aware of a great respect for the deceased greater than any he had had for the living. He had fought the noblest game of death and was killed in the face of the evil , which had been fang. He sniffed the bodies curiously. They had died so easily. It was harder to kill a husky dog than them. They were no match at all, were it not as if they had not looked like they ought to be. They possessed their arms, wings and spears and clubs. Thenceforward he would be , he was not, on the fire, except when they bore their hands , spears, and clubs. Night came on , and a large wall rose around the front of the room from the dark. In the light of the day, it lay bathed in ghostly day. And with the coming of the night, brooding and mourning by the pool, Buck became alive to a new sense. And without the new life in the forest other than that which the Yeehats had made, he caught up, listening and examining the voices. From far away drifted a faint, sharp yelp, followed by his dream of similar sharp yelps. As moments passed , they grew closer and louder. Again Buck knew them as things heard , and other things persisted in his heart as Buck walked out of the centre of the space in the middle. It was the call, the voice that grew more inviting. And the call, sounding more luringly and compellingly than ever before. And as never before, he was ready to escape. Thornton was dead. The tie was broken. Man and the other man no longer bound him. Hunting their way the Yeehats were hunting . Upon arriving on the flanks of the migrating moose, the wolf pack had at last crossed over from the land of streams and