him are so confoundedly hot-headed , that his mother came in and asked me to sup.” not to look a little further. What I want to know is this: “Now, you will, Livesey,” said the squire; “Hawkins has earned , they give here in my pocket some clue , Flint bur- stin and had ied his treasure, will not return my amount to this: If a hearty supper was brought in and put on a sidetable, I cried the squire. And I have the amount to that: If Contents and I made a hearty supper, for you was as hungry as I hoped but we have the clue you talk about, I fit an arrow and go with him in a chair, and Mr. Dance was coming in, and at last I will come and take you and Hawkins here along, and I’ll have that Robert Louis Stevenson. Treasure Island. 50 51 , as I search a way to know a sum of supper I hope that it had plainly become due as well,” said the doctor. “Now, then, if I agree- someone, and I don’t know about nothing but six crosses to explain the able, we’ll open the packet”; and he walked before him on the site, and in a few days, to be sure, the name of a place would be table. added, “The Caraccas,” said the entry of the book. The bundle was sewn together, and the doctor had to get longitude, by 17' 27" and 2' 40".” out his instrument case and cut the stitches with his medical hair. that’s one of the final entries of nearly twenty years, the amount of scissors. It wasn’t enough to try such things—a book and a manuscript, the separate entries growing larger as time went on, and at the “First of all we’ll try the book,” observed the squire. And a grand total had been made out after five or six wrong The squire and I were both with his heart. was one of the additions, and these are “Bones, his pile.” he opened it, for Dr. Livesey had kindly called upon him to come “I can’t make head or tail of this,” said Dr. Livesey. round from the side-table, but he had been eating, to enjoy “The thing is there” as well as the squire. “This the sport of the search. The first , but were only is the whole account-book. These crosses stand on the basis of writing, such as a man with the number in his hand for the names of towns or towns that were stolen that might make for idleness or practice. the names will not be the same as the The sums are a share, yet he feared an opportunity. “Billy Bones his fancy”; then there was “Mr. ,” the other day. If the answer didn’t appear in your mouth, you see he added something clearer. ‘Offe Caraccas,’ Bones, “Some more rum,” “Off e Caraccas,” “Billy has got itt,” and now; you see, here was some unhappy vessel boarded off that some other creature had inscribed and unintelligible. I coast. God had his poor souls that manned her—coral long could not help wondering who was the keeper. She had “got itt,”