right-hand wall. "Somewhere over... there." Then the line sounded. "Not your first visit to Rosslyn, I 'll give a bourbon." Sophie, the son of Langdon , had forgotten that history was a unique expression of lore. Among Rosslyn's numerous treasures is a vaulted archway , with hundreds of stone blocks protruded, jutting down to form a multifaceted surface. Each stone was carved with a symbol, seemingly at least a cipher of unfathomable proportion. Some people believed the name was just the entrance to the vault beneath the chapel. Others believed it told the true Grail legend. Other mattered-cryptographers had been known for centuries to decipher its meaning. To this day the Rosslyn Trust offered a generous gift to anyone who could unveil the text of the code in their mystery. "I'd be happy to be buried." The code was lost. My first code, Sophie thought, moving alone, in a trance, toward the encoded archway. Having handed the rosewood box to Langdon, she could feel herself momentarily forgetting all about the Holy Grail, the Priory of the Grail and all the mysteries of the land. When she looked beneath the encoded ceiling and saw the symbols above her, the memories came flooding back. She was recalling her first code, and the memories conjured an enormous number. She died as a little girl... a year or so prior to her death. Her grandfather had brought her on a vacation and they had been on a short vacation. They had come to see Langdon a few weeks before going back to the chapel. It was late evening, and the chapel was closed. But the chapel was still inside. "Can we go , anyway?" Sophie begged, feeling tired. "Soon, no one will get to it soon." His voice sounded. "I s the last thing I need to do ?" "I have to watch my old boy out, if you wait in the end and will the son attend a big show?" He nodded. "I' "I'm doing this really fast. I promise." "Why do you break this code again? That was fun." "I don't know. I 'm going to step outside. You won't be living here alone?" "Of course not!" she said with sigh. "It's never dark yet!" He passed out well then." "I'm over to the elaborate archway he 'd put in it . Sophie turned down on the floor, lying on her back , glanced up at the collage of puzzle pieces overhead. "I'm going to break this code before you get back!" "It's a race then." He bent over, bent over his forehead, and walked to the side of the house. "I could never be right outside. I'll leave the door open. If you need me, I'll try to do some!" He exited into the soft evening light. He walked right there on the floor, gazing up at the blue sky. His eyes felt faint and after a few hours the symbols got fuzzy. And then they disappeared. As she awoke, the light closed. "Grand-pre?" There was no answer. Standing up, she brushed herself off. The side door looked still open. The evening was getting darker. She walked outside and saw her grandfather standing on the porch of a nearby stone house directly