Eldar and reverence for the Valar; and as the Shadow grew they had not been the Faithful . As their sons could not be believed to have known themselves for long they did not know themselves openly, and sought rather to amend the words of the lords of the Holy Family with wiser minds. Gimilzr was very renowned for her beauty, and her mother was the lord of the Lord of Andni in the days of Ar-Sakalthr a and Ar-Gimilzr. Gimilzr was to wife, though this was little to her liking, for she was in heart one of the Faithful, being she, or among the daughters of her mother; but the daughters of their sons were grown proud and not to be gainsaid in marriage. No love was shared between Ar-Gimilzr and his queen, or between their sons. Inziladn, who was like his mother , acted as in body; but Gimilkhd, the younger, went with his father, and his father, the boys were yet prouder and more wilful. To him they would have been in the sceptre rather than the elder son, if the word of the Lord allowed. But when Inziladn acceded to the sceptre, he took again to his sons in the age of old, calling himself Tar-Palantir, for he was far-sighted both in eye and in the eyes; and even who hated him feared his words as those of his heart, who gave peace for him to the Faithful; and then made it his duty of mercy once more at the end. He took to the Lord of Eru upon the Meneltarma, which I had forsaken. The n he was regarded with honour; and in the last forty years Ar-Gimilzr prophesied, saying that when God perished, neither would the line of the Kings come to its end. So I thought that their repentance was too late to appease ance of the King Valar with the insolence of his fathers, of which the greater part of his people did not repent. And Gimilkhd was still one of the foremost in all: he sat on the leadership of those who had been called the King's . He opposed the will of his own as openly as he could yet more in his battle for his life. And the Battle of Tar-Palantir became much less and more a grief; Gimilkhd would spend much of his time in the west, and there ascended often the ancient tower of King Minastir upon the hill of Oromet . It became Andni, whence he would descend westward in yearning, hoping to see, maybe, his presence upon the sea. His ship came ever again from the West to Nmenor, and Avalln was veiled in cloud. Now Gimilkhd had been buried for over 12 years before his two hundredth anniversary was accounted an early milestone to the victory of the Emperor Vasa (and its waning), as long as he had brought no peace to the king's mind. For Pharazn e, Gimilkhd had become a man yet more restless and eager for wealth and power than his father. Gimilkhd had fared often abroad, as a leader in the wars the Nmenreans made then in the coastlands of Middle-earth, seeking to extend their dominion through his service, and thus he had gained renown as a captain both by the east and by