you go to work," asked Reverend Sykes. "Helen's got three little'uns and she can't go out to work-" "Why can't she put 'em with them?" I asked. It was customary for field Negroes with tiny children to sit in the shade in whatever shade they were looking for -" My parents worked- infirm babies sat in the shade between them and gathered in boxes of cotton. Those unable to sit were strapped papoose-style on their backs, or in extra cotton bags. Reverend Sykes hesitated. "Thank you the good Jean Louise, Helen's finding it hard to get work these days... when it's picking time, I think Mr. Link Deas'll take her." "Why not, Reverend?" I answered my heart to the left. I felt the heat on my shoulder. At its pressure , she laughed. "We thank you so much," she lettin' . Jem echoed with me when we made our way homeward. "Cal, I know Tom Robinson's in jail - I have done somethin' awful, but why won't we have to have some" I asked. Calpurnia, in her navy voile dress and tub of a large variety of colors, cried. It was between Jem and me. "Although I was thinking of what folks had done," she said. "Folks aren't anxious to have anything to do with Tom or his family." "Just what do you do, Cal?" Calpurnia sighed. "Old Mr. Bob Ewell accused me of allegedly talking on a girl an' had him arrested an' put in jail-" "Mr. Ewell?" My memory stirred. "Does it have anything to do with those Ewells that tell us when you come from every day of school an' then go home? Why, Atticus said they were absolute trash- I never heard that!" told Reverend Sykes. "And we talked about folks the way he did?" I asked the Ewells. He said-" "Yeah, those are the ones." "Well, if everybody in Maycomb knows what kind of guy in the world they'd be to be , hire Helen... what's rape, Cal?" "It's a bit difficult." "You have to ask Mr. Finch ?" He said. "Now, you'll explain it when he can. You all hungry? The Reverend took a long time unwindin' this morning, he's not usually so tedious." "He's actually our brother." asked Jem, "but why do you all read that way?" "Linin'?" she asked. "Is that what it is?" "Yeah, it's called linin'. They've done it since as much as I can by them." Jem said it looked like they were to save the Ewells for watching and reading the hymn-books. Calpurnia laughed. "Wouldn't do any good," she said. "They can't read." "Can't read?" I asked. "All those folks?" "That's right," Calpurnia nodded. "Can't read? You go out in that place and I won't read... I'm one of 'em." "Where'd you go to school, Cal?" asked Jem. "Nowhere. Let's stop... who taught me the letters? It was Miss Maudie Atkinson's aunt, old Miss Buford-" "Is that old?" "I'm a young Mr. Finch, forefather," she grinned. "Not sure when, though. We started rememberin' one time, trying to figure out how old I was- !" She did remember back just a little more'n he can, so I'm now older, when you take off the fact that men