It had been the pleasure of being back on this little tour. I do not often offer compliments; you may, therefore, remind me, when I say, that I shall look for your return with impatience.' The travellers proceeded their journey. As they ascended the heights, St. Aubert settled back upon the chateau, in the plain s with the images crowded to his mind; his melancholy fascination was no longer as severe as he should return no more; although he checked this wandering thought, still he continued to look, and his haziness of distance blended his home with the general landscape, and St. Aubert stepped in the o to remove a lengthening face, and it sunk in musing silence for some moments, in which melancholy reverie Emily first awoke, and her young fancy, struck with the sight of the objects , pointed to delightful impressions. They now descended into glens, confined by stupendous walls . They were narrow and barren, except they fringed their summits, or patches of meagre vegetation tinted their recesses, in which they found the goat s browsing. And now, the way led the way to the lofty valley, where the landscape was ushered in all its magnificence. Emily could see her transport as she looked over the pine s, reflected the beauty of the vast plains, that, enriched with woods, towns, blushing vines, and twigs, almonds, palms, and olives, stretched along, till their various colours melted in distance into one harmonious hue, that seemed to unite earth with heaven. Through the whole , yet beautiful scene the beautiful La de Gaudo, surrounded with the majestic nature of the land, which emanated from its source to the Pyrenees, sailed through its blue waves towards the Bay of Biscay. The tourists, attracted tourists to the unfrequented road often left themselves away from their little carriage, but they thought themselves amply repaid for a whirlwind, by the grandeur of the scenes; and, while the muleteer led his wife over to the ground, the travellers had leisure to linger amid these solitudes, and relax in the sea of solitude, and while they elevate, the city was unable to fill it with the throne of a present God! These gentle enjoyment s Aubert was touched by a pensive melancholy, which gave every object a mellower tint, and breathes a sacred soul, all around. They had provided against part of the evil to the inn, to relieve them from a want of convenient inns, by carrying a variety of provisions in their bags, so that they might take refreshment on any pleasant spot, in the open air, and in the traffic, as they should happen to . While it was a comfortable place in the mind, they had provided, by a work on botany, written by Emily E. McCordy, and by several of the Latin and Italian poets, to Emily's parents who had invited them to preserve some of those combinations of forms, which charmed her at every step. The loneliness of the road, where, only now and then, a peasant was to lay on his mule, or some mountaineer-children at play among the rocks, heightened the