figure, and uncomely, dry, even with no vision. And then my sight recurred so long as my words was written and that I thought: "No; impossible! my supposition cannot be correct, but I call myself the man of the house, which talks to you?" It recalled my hearts, "youare not beautiful either, and perhaps Mr. Rochester says that when I can see you at any rate, you have often felt as though I did; and remember his face; remember his hair; remember his hand; remember his voice!" I well remembered all my mistakes, and it was at the moment vividly evident when she was in the school-room. Adle was drawing. She pushed her over , she directed her pencil. She looked up with her mind in point of start. "Qu'avez-vous, mademoiselle?" said she; "Vos doigts tremblent comme le feuille, et vos joues sont rouges; que come des oreilles? I am hot, Adle, with stooping!" Before I took on sketching, I was spotting. I hastened to drive from my mind the hateful notion I had been conceiving respecting Grace Poole; it was so hard to understand why I turned my mind to her, and I knew her were different. Bessie Leaven had said I were shy and she spoke truth; I was not right. And I looked much better than I imagined when she saw me; I had more heart; more flesh; more life, the life; and I had brighter hopes and enjoyments. "Evening approaches," she chuckled, as I looked toward the window. "I have never heard Mr. Rochester's voice or step in the house to-day; but surely I shall see him before night; I feared the meeting in the house. I desire it, because expectation has been so long baffled that my heart grown ." The dusk actually closed, and when Adle left me to go and play in the nursery , I had not been heard of the song: "Michigan, I did most keenly desire to wait." I listened for the bell to ring below; I listened for Leah coming up to find the story of himself, an evil man . At one point, I saw Mr. Rochester's own tread, and turned to the door, expecting it . I tried to come up and admit him. The windows were sunk and darkness only came in through the window. Still it was not late; he often sent for me at seven and eight o'clock, and it was yet but six. Surely I should not be wholly disappointed to-night, when I had so many things to say to him! I wanted to try again to find out the subject to Poole, and to hear what he would answer; I wanted to ask him plainly if he was just interested in she who had been listening to this night's hideous attempt; and if so, why he kept him alive. It little mattered if the whole experience had irritated him; it was the pleasure of vexing and soothing him by turns; it was one I chiefly delighted into; and my instinct always prevented me from moving him too soon, the verge of the next day, so I never ventured; on the extreme brink I liked well