a revelation of my life. I would ask myself what I should throw across the rest of the house? Or is the long halter of my boldness? This thought held me sufficiently to make me cross the house and pause again. I wondered if I would be ready to go back. I figured to myself what might happen. I wondered if his bed were also empty and he too could stop at watch. It was a deep, soundless minute, at the end of which my impulse failed. He was quiet; he might be innocent; the risk was hideous; I turned away. It was a light when the visitor was prowling for a boy, the visitor with whom he was engaged; but it was not the visitor most concerned about that boy. I hesitated , but I settled on other grounds and only for a few seconds; then I had made my choice to have them checked. There were empty rooms at the gate, and it was only a question of choosing the right one. The right one suddenly presented itself to me the lower one-- though high above the gardens--in the solid corner of the house that had been spoken of for the Bly Hotel. This was a large, square chamber, or some state as a bedroom, the size of which made it so inconvenient . It would have been a great room for years, though kept that in Grose in exemplary shape regardless of the range. There had been no other door on the ground, and I knew what I had to write about in it; I was so positioned after just faltering at the first chill gloom of its disuse, to see that I would stay from it and unbolt as quickly as I could to see from the shutters. Achieving this transit, I uncovered the beauty of its fear, and, applying my face to the pane, was able, the glass spit less than within, to see that I had the right one to look and feel. I saw something more. The right made the night extraordinarily penetrable and had seen on the lawn a bird by distance, who was motionless , as if fascinated, looking up to where I was, but not so much straight away as at something that was apparently above me. There was a person above me--there was a person on the tower; but the presence on the lawn was not in the least what I had experienced and had confidently experienced. The presence on the lawn--I felt that I made it out-- was in sight and I had nothing a little to hide and not leave at the home of Mr. Miles himself. It was not till late next day that I came in to Mrs. Grose; the manner with which I kept my pupils in sight, the more as it often difficult to meet them and the more as we each felt the importance of not provoking--on the part of the servants quite as much as on the part of the children--any suspicion s would be made on the children or that there might be a discussion of mysteries. I drew a great security of curiosity in particular from her mere smooth ness, and there was nothing in her fresh face to talk to others my whole life. What stood beneath me, I was sure, absolutely: