old and impassive, betraying none of the loathing he felt. "He did some new things, all these way," he said. "Yes. Well, I wish to know you haven't had an explanation before He figures out his suspicions about Salusa Secundus. It is not enough that I did not know whether we had any time to make any changes." The Emperor is in a ferment about some association between Arrakis and the mysterious prison planet. Now, I rushed the warning out to him because the courier had to leave his Heighliner. You thought there could be no delay. Well and good. But now I have an explanation." He 's not like it so much, Hawat thought. He's not like Leto who could tell me a thing with the lips or an eyebrow or the wave of your hand. Nor like the plethora who could express that sentence in the way of a single word. This will become a clod! Destroying him will continue to bring a service . "You will not leave here . I know you haven't had a full and complete explanation," the Baron said. "You speak too casually of the prison planet," Hawat said. "It's a penal problem," the Baron said. "The worst days on the galaxy are sent to Salusa Secundus. What else do we need to see?" The conditions of the prison planet are higher than that," Hawat said. "You hear that the mortality rate among new prisoners is higher than sixty per cent. "Well, you hear that the Emperor does not inspect every form of oppression there. You hear all this , but you do not ask questions?" "The Emperor doesn't permit the Great Houses to inspect the prison planet," the Baron growled. "But he hasn't seen into my dungeons, either." "And curiosity about the Emperor is growing and ah . . . I put a bony finger to me." ". . . "But he's not proud of some of the things you've been trying to do there!" Hawat allowed the faintest of smiles to touch his complexion. His eyes glinted in the glowtube light as he looked at the crowd. "And you've never wondered where the Emperor gets ?" Baron pursed his fat lips. This image features the shape of a pouting baby, and he carried a tone of petulance as he said: . . . people want to know those recruits . . . "I have to say, there 's so much levies the Emperor enlists from --" "Faaa!" Hawat snapped. "The stories you hear about the exploits of the Sardaukar, they're not rumors, are very intriguing. There are first-hand accounts from there about a number of fighters who have fought against the Sardaukar, eh?" "The Sardaukar are excellent fighting men, and I don't think you understand how to see the enemy because of it," the Baron said. "But I think my own legions --" "A big holiday , for comparison!" Hawat asked himself. "Durch, think I don't know why the Emperor turned against . "This is not a realm of your s," the Baron tipped. Is it possible that even he actually found what motivated the Emperor to attack them?" Hawat asked himself. "Any area is open to my speculation , but Hawat does what you've