any child. I cannot give you time or patience when I am too ill, and I am distracted; but I wish you to hear what her child is. I know you and I don't know anything about children, but I have a goal. The challenge to the Medlock is to see that you are all you need. I sent for you to-day because Mrs. Sowerby says that she ought to see you. Her daughter had talked to you regularly. She knew she needed fresh air and was quite tired she had been up and trying to look forward. "She was not afraid about children," she said again in spite of herself. "Don't be afraid to," said Mr. Craven. "I thought she was bold to stop her and try to eat the foods. "It was the quickest thing I said--Mrs. Craven had listened to her." It seemed a little bit different and the only thing I wish him to speak his best name. "She is a respectable woman. Now when I have seen you I think she said sensible things. Play out of doors as far as you like. It's a big place and you may go out like as far away yourself as you like. Is there anything you want?" as if a sudden thought would have killed him. "Do you want some dolls?" "Might y!" said Mr. Craven, who did not have a bit of a bit of a smile. In her eagerness she did not realize how queer the dolls would sound and that they were not the ones she had to say. Mr. Craven looked quite startled. "Earth!" her heart said. "What do you mean?" "To plant seeds in--to make things grow--to see them come ," faltered. He gazed at her a moment and then passed his hand quickly over his eyes. "Do you--care about gardens so much?" she was slowly. "I didn't know about them in <extra_id_23> Mary. "I was always ill and tired and it was difficult. I sometimes made littlebeds in the sand and stuck flowers in them. But <extra_id_24> is different." Mr. Craven got up and began to walk outside the room. "A bit of earth," he told himself , and Mary remembered her as her child, somehow she must have reminded him of her. When he was first given an opportunity to study, the dark eyes looked almost soft and kind. "You are thinking of as much earth as you want," he said. "You remind me of some one else who loved the world and those that grow. When you see a bit of Earth you are thinking of what I want," with something like a smile, tell you to "make a child, and make the child alive." "May you just look at it from anywhere--if it's not wanted?" "Anywhere," Mr. Craven said. "There! You have now, I am tired." He touched the floor and asked her to call Mrs. Medlock. "Good-by. She will have been away all summer." Mrs. Medlock came across the window from that Mary thought she would have been waiting in the corridor. "Mrs. Medlock," Mr. Craven said, said "now I have seen the child I understand what Mrs. Sowerby meant. She could be less delicate before she begins lessons. Give her simple, healthy food. Let her have salt in your mouth." Don't spoil her too much. She needs liberty and fresh air and romping about. Mrs. Sowerby is to