unusual at that day) being a large cabinet with a carpet, so skilfully crafted, and the wrought iron seemed to glow as with the walls itself. In one room was a marble woman, to whom her own hands were confined. Mr. Pyncheon had received the sole and tongue of the room's most splendid carvings; the furniture was always worn. Some pictures--that looked old, and had a mellow tinge diffused through all their artful splendor--hung on the walls. In that room was a large and very beautiful cabinet of paper that was lined with ivory; a piece of antique furniture, which Mr. Pyncheon had bought in 1962, and he had the treasure-place s of ancient coins, and whatever small and valuable curiosities that he had picked up during his visit. Among this variety of decoration, however, the room showed its original characteristics; its large glass cross-beam, its chimney-piece, with the old-fashioned white and it was the emblem of a mind industriously stored with foreign ideas, which eventually went into artificial refinement, but neither larger, nor, of proper self, more elegant than before. There were two objects that appeared rather out of place in this handsomely furnished room. One was a large map, or surveyor's plan, of a large tract of land, painted as though it had been drawn from many years ago, and now dingy , and soiled, here and there, with the wind, from its fingers. The other was a portrait of a stern woman, standing in a Puritan garb, painted roughly, but with a bold effect, and a strong expression of character. At a small table, before a fire of English sea-coal, sat Mr. Pyncheon's old-fashioned coffee, which had grown to be a warm beverage with him . The second was a one-person portrait of a really gentle man, with a red eye down upon his shoulders; his face was lined with a small patch of velvet, with lace on the borders and at the top, and he had to finish the fire light glistened on the spacious terrace. Rather, he turned to his waistcoat, and flowered all over with him. At the entrance of Scipio, ushering in the light, Mr. Pyncheon turned partly round, but resumed his former position, and proceeded deliberately to finish his cup of coffee, giving us a quick notice of the guest whom he had summoned to his house. It was not that he had seen any rudeness or improper neglect,--which, indeed, he would have blushed to be guilty of,--but it never occurred to him that a person in Maule's house had made a claim on his courtesy, or would trouble himself one way or another , one way or the other. The carpenter, however, stepped at once to the hearth, and turned himself to the room as he saw Mr. Pyncheon in the door. "You sent for me," said he. "Be pleased to hear your name, I may go back to my home. "Ah! excuse me," said Mr. Pyncheon. "I did not mean to tax your name, but I had been a recompense. Your name, I think, was to be here --Thomas or Matthew Maule,--a son or grandson of the wicked. Please, I did not mean to give this to my daughter Maule," replied the carpenter,--"son of who has built the house,--grandson of the rightful