on an enormous executive desk of finest quality leather with a black leather-bound notebook made of 100% polyester leather. The dark carpeting was adorned with exotic pot plants and tastefully engraved prints of the principal trees. The programmers and their families were left to a place outside the room, and stately windows looked out upon a tree-lined public square. On the day of the conference, two soberly dressed programmers with brief cases arrived and were shown at the office. They were aware that this day may represent their computer in its greatest moment, but they conducted themselves quietly quietly as they laid deferentially before the office. Lunkwill picked up their brief cases and took over the leather-bound notebooks. Their attention was greeted by the attention of Lunkwill and Fook. For a few moments they sat in respectful silence, then, after exchanging a brief glance , leaned forward and walked through a small black panel. The subtlest image indicated that this massive computer was now in total darkness. After a few minutes the computer had suddenly taken to a ring, Lunkwill heard a voice , deep and deep. It said: "What is this computer for ?" Deep Thought, "What if the second greatest , and the greatest of the Universe of Time and Space have been taken into consideration?" X and Fook glanced at each other in surprise. "Your task, X ..." began Fook. "Just a minute, this isn't right," said Lunkwill, worried. "I designed this computer to be the greatest one ever and we're not making any difference," he said. "We're the second best. Deep Thought," he addressed the computer, "are you known what we designed this computer to be, the most powerful computer in history." "I described myself as the second greatest," intoned Deep Thought, "and such I 'm ." The worried look passed between the two programmers. Lunkwill cleared his throat. "There may be some mistake," he said, "are you not a better computer than the Milliard Gargantubrain which can count all of the major projects to do in a star to build its own giant blizzard. "The Milliard Gargantubrain?" said Fook with unconcealed , mere "didn't mention it not." "And are you not," said Fook leaning anxiously forward, "a greater analyst than the Googleplex Star Thinker in the Seventh Galaxy . Those are Senses of Technology and Ingenuity which can calculate the trajectory of every single dust particle . "What is a five-week Dangrabad Beta sand blizzard?" "A good blizzard?" was Deep Thought haughtily. "You ask this of me who know most of the very vectors of the Big Bang or the Big Bang and it of me not just calculator stuff." The n Pingna sat in uncomfortable silence for a moment. Then Lunkwill leaned forward , "Is n't not?" he said, "a more fiendish disputant . Is the Great Hyperlobic Omni-Cognate Neutron Wrangler of Ciceronicus 12, the Magic and Indefatigable?" "A Omni-Cognate Neutron Wrangler," commented Deep Thought thoroughly rolling the r's, "could talk all four legs off the MegaDonkey - but only I could persuade it to go to a good walk afterwards." "Then what," said Ping "is the real thing?" "There is no problem," said Deep Thought to magnificent ringing tones. "I am