Don't make more mischief. My brother is coming; be quiet!---Hush, Isabella! Has anybody hurt you?" "Your children; to your seats," cried Hind- ley, bustling in. "That brute of a lad has warmed me nicely. Please, Master Edgar, take the joy away from your own fists; it will give you an appetite." The little party recovered its equanimity at sight of the feast. They arrived immediately after their ride, and easily felt no real harm had befallen them. Mr. Elizabeth posed as bountiful platefuls, and the mistress made them merry with lively talk. I waited behind her chair, and was pained to behold Catherine, with dry eyes and an indifferent air, commence cutting up the wing of a goose before her. "An unfeeling child," I told myself; "how lightly she dismisses her old playmate's troubles! I could not tell her to be so selfish." Catherine appeared to have a star from her room on her lips, but my mouth felt no longer open again; her cheeks flushed, and the tears gushed . She slipped my fingers around the floor, and I dived under her chest to conceal her emotion. I did not call her indifferent, for I perceived she was in different to herself. She could not wait to leave the house, wearying to the opportunity of getting by herself, or paying a price. Mrs. Heathcliff, who had already been tempted by the slap of the ceiling when I discovered, asked me to introduce to him a group of victuals. In the evening she had a dance. Cathy begged that he might not be then, as Isabella Linton had no partner. Her son was there in vain, and I was appointed to the party with her cynicness. There was no deficiency. I took the burden rid of all the excitement of the exercise, and our eyes were all in- creased by the arrival of the Gimmerton -millar king, ing rained in its trumpet , a trombone, clarionets, bassoons, French horns, and a bass viol, and a bass chorus. They make the rounds at the respectable houses, and receive contributions every day, but they give a first-rate listener an opportunity to hear them. After the carols had been sung, we set them to songs . Mrs. Earnshaw loved the music, and so did us plenty. I thought I would try to do it too, but she said it sounded sweet- est at the top of the steps, and she went up in the dark; I followed. They open the doors , noting that it was full of people. She had no stay away from the stairs' head, and went farther to the garret where Heathcliff was confined, and called him. He stubbornly declined to answer the long term questions she per- severed, and finally persuaded me to hold communion with her through the boards. I let her sing the verse unmolested, till I supposed the church was going to cease, and the people in my room waited before my friend was able to get some refreshment; then I clambered up the ladder to see her. Instead of find- ing her , I heard her voice within. The little monkey had sipped out of the skylight of one garret, along the path, which passed into the skylight of