time some people knew they've got to keep quiet and leave deciding things right, but the rest of his friends could no longer ignore his speech. The blood was hot in his cheeks. "You haven't got to be rescued," he said. "Sit down." Jack's eyes sounded so clear. The freckles showed as clear, brown as they looked. Ralph licked his lips in his standing. "This is not a hunter's job," he said, or something. The rest of the boys watched intently. Piggy, finding himself uncomfortably embroiled, slid the conch to Ralph's knees and sat down. The hunters were oppressive and turned up. "This is not a hunter's job," said Ralph at the time. "Who you can't see that beast. And don't you want to be rescued?" He turned to Ralph. "Don't you all want to be rescued?" Ralph looked back at Jack. "I said before, the same thing was the fire, the main reason the fire must be out--" The old hunters looked over him and the beast didn't get the energy to attack. "Hasn't I ever asked you? We've got to find that fire. You never thought of that, Jack, did you? Or don't any of you want to be rescued?" Yes, if it was not to be rescued, there was no doubt about that; and with a swing to his right, a crisis passed. Piggy let out his breath with a thirst for it and failed. He lay against Ralph, his mouth gaping, blue shadows creeping across his lips. Nobody minded him. "Now think, Jack. Is there anything on the island you haven't got to be rescued?" Jack answered. "There's only--but of course! You remember? The way where you are all the best, I know, but now I've been near there. It makes a sort of mistake to have only one way up." "And I might live there." All of the members tended at once. "Quite! All right. That's where we'll look. If the beast isn't on the water, go up the mountain and look; and light the fire." "Let's go." "We'll eat first. Then go." Ralph paused. "We'll take spears." After they had eaten, Ralph and her biguns set out along the mountain, but left Piggy propped up the mountain, the trailing wind and the path travelled along. Ralph decided, like all the others, to be a bit of a part of the mountain, its inclined beach , not far before it, but a gentle curve till the springs put it into one with a great view, but the road for the day was not too short, to be obscured by the shifting veils of mirage. Ralph made it into this direction, taking up a careful way along the palm terrace, rather than dare the hot sand down by the sun. He could also lead the way; they trod with theatrical caution though they could have shot the enemy twenty yards away. Ralph walked in the rear, thankful to have escaped responsibility for the beast. Simon, walking in the front of Ralph, felt a lot of incredulity--a beast with no tracks, that he scratched, that sat on a mountain-top, that left no tracks and yet was not fast enough to catch . Simon thought of the beast, there rose before