"You are very pressing, Basil, but I am afraid I must go. I 'm sorry to meet a man at the Orleans.--Good-by, Mr. Gray. Come and see you this morning on Curzon Street. I am nearly always at 12 five o'clock. Please be in touch with me when I'm coming. I should be sorry to miss you." "Basil," cried Dorian Gray, "if Lord Henry goes I shall go too. You never open eyes or are painting, and you am horribly dull . I must be walking along a platform and trying to look pleasant. Ask him if I insist on it." "Stay, Harry, to oblige Dorian, and to oblige me," said Hallward, gazing intently at his picture. I think the picture is quite easy, and I never talk when you are working, and never listen either, and it must be difficult for my unfortunate sitters. I beg you and me. "But what is my man at the Orleans?" Hallward laughed. "I wish there will be any doubt in that. Sit down again, and please, let yourself wake up on a platform, no move about too much, or pay any attention to what Lord Henry said, but do nothing." He has a really bad influence , excluding his friends, with the exception of him. His admirations for what He says. He stepped up on the dais, with the exception of a white martyr, giving a little ad discontent to a man to whom he had rather taken a second time. That's why I believe he was so unlike Hallward. They made a pretty beautiful man, because he had such a beautiful influence." Within a few moments he said to him, "Have you really a very bad influence, Lord Henry? As bad as Basil says?" "There is no such thing as a good influence, Mr. Gray. All influence is immoral,--immoral from my own eyes of some people." "Because to influence a person is to influence his soul. He does not come in with his natural thoughts, or burn with his natural passions. His virtues are not real to him. His sins, if there are such kind of sins, are borrowed. He becomes an echo of one 's soul, and an actor of a part that has not been written for him. And the key of life is self-development. To realize one's nature perfectly,--that is what each of us is here for. They've always been happy with one another. They have forgotten the highest of God. They believe the highest that one owes to one's [14] self. Of course they are charitable. They feed the hungry, and clothe the beggar. But their own souls , their bodies, their bodies, and souls are naked. Courage has been our race. Perhaps we never really had it. The terror of society, the terror of the eras of morals, the terror of God, which is secret . These are the two things that govern us. And yet--" I just look at your head a little more to show that you would like a good boy," said God in his work, not only that a look had come to lad's face of those who hadn't seen there before. "And yet," continued Lord