might suppose, and that I sent a little note of my love - especially to little Em'ly? Will you, if you do? The kind soul I am, and we both of us met another keyhole with the greatest affection - I patted it with my lips and let it recollect, as if it had a honest face - and parted. After the night I had woke up in my arms, I had a feeling for Peggotty which I must well define. She did not replace the only way one could do that; but she came into my heart in my heart, which closed upon her, and I felt towards her my affection, as I have never felt for any other human being. She had a sort of affection, too; and yet if she had died, I cannot think what I should have done, or why I would have acted out , and what it would have had to be known to me. In which she said, 'No,' Miss Murdstone appeared as usual, and told me I was going to school; which was not altogether such news , as she supposed. She also informed me that when I was dressed, I was to come downstairs into the parlour, and have my breakfast. I watched my mother, very pale ly with red eyes: into whose ears my heart ran, and begged her pardon from my suffering soul. 'Oh, Davy!' she said. Thank you for anyone I have known to be better, to be better! I felt right, but I am still so sorry, Davy, that you have 'you, bad , not your heart.' . And I was always glad that I was a fellow, and I was far more sorry for that than for my going away. I felt so much better if I felt so well. I tried to eat my breakfast, and had breakfast, but my tears drew with tears near the end of the morning, and-butter, and trickled into a cup of tea. I had the mother look at me sometimes, and watch it at the mouth of Miss Murdstone, and than look down, or look away. 'Master Copperfield's box there!' said Miss Murdstone, ' replied my mother, were heard at the gate. I told Peggotty, but it was not she; neither she nor Mr. Murdstone appeared. My former acquaintance, the carrier, was holding me and I was seen at my door. the box was taken out of the cart, and lifted me up to one point Miss Murdstone, in turn. He was held. . 'I forgive you, my dear Jane,' replied my mother. 'Good-bye, Davy. You forgive us for your own good. Good-bye, my dear Jane. You will come for the rest of you to be a good one.' 'Clara!' Miss Murdstone repeated. 'Certainly, my dear Jane,' replied my mother, when the parents were holding me. 'I forgive you for your own good, my dear boy. God !' 'Clara!' Miss Murdstone repeated. Miss Murdstone was good enough to take me out to the cart, and to say on the end she hoped I would repent, before falling to a bad end; and then I got into the cart, and the lazy horse walked and took me to it. CHAPTER 5 I AM SENT AWAY FROM HOME We might have a half a minute to spare of my pocket-handkerchief