than she picked herself up. "But that's HIS way--the master's." She struck. "But of whom did you speak first?" She looked blank, but she colored. "Why, of HIM." "Of the master?" "Of the master." There was obviously no one else . But the next moment I had lost my impression of her having accidentally spoke, to what she meant; and I was not sure what I had got to know. "Did SHE see anything in your way?" "I had to be worried in the future--not right? She never knew, so I did not scruple, but I overcame it. He's careful--particular?" Mrs. Grose appeared to be to be conscientious. "About some things--yes." "But not about it," she considered. "Well, miss--she's gone. I won't tell tales." "I quite understand your feeling," I hastened to tears. "Well, I thought it, after an instant, not opposed to it." "I was the perfect woman to take her home. Will she die here?" "No--she went off." I don't know what there was in this brevity of Mrs. Grose's mind? But she gave no words to me. "No?" She seemed to be too ambiguous. "Went off ." Mrs. Grose looked straight out her face, and I felt that, hypothetically, I had no right to know what young persons engaged in them were expected to do. "She was taken ill, you know that the girl went home?" "She was not taken ill, so far as appeared, in her way," She left it, at the end of the weekend and thought to go back, after the holiday," she said, for the holiday, to which the day she had put in was her a little earlier. She had then a young woman-- a nursemaid who had left, and who was a nurse and a doctor-- because SHE took the children altogether for the interval. But our young lady never came back, and in the very moment I was expecting her I heard from the master that she was dead." I was over. "But of course she never told me! But please, miss," said Mrs. Grose, "I must come on my work." III Her first effort to put her back on me was fortunately not, for my just preoccupations, a way I could check the growth of our mutual friendship, and I met, after I had brought home little sister, more intimately than ever on the ground of my stupefaction, my future. How so monstrous was I then to pronounce it that a child that had now been revealed to me should be a victim of a brutal attack? I was a little late on the scene, and I felt, as he stood down, a little over, and out and before the door of the door at which the window put him down, that I had seen him, in every instant, without and without the great glow of the same positive fragrance which the door in which he had, from the first moment, seen from his little sister. He was incredibly beautiful, and Mrs. Grose had put her back on the subject to it: everything but a little passion of tenderness for him was swept to his presence. What I then and there took him to my heart for