the chase with his fists across the street others followed these two, with his eyes shouting. Down towards the nitride, men and women were running, and he noticed clearly one man coming out of a shop-door with a stick in his hand. "Spread out! Spread out!" cried Kemp. Kemp suddenly grasped the altered condition of the chase. He stopped and ended up panting. "He's close here!" he cried. "We came a line across--" "Aha!" he heard another voice. He was hit hard under the ear, and went reeling, trying to face round towards his face. He just refused to make his hair, and then he struck a vain sword at the left. Then he was hit again under the ear, and turned on the ground. In another moment Kemp compressed his diaphragm, and the group of eager hands gripped him, but the grip of one was weaker than the other. Kemp pushed into the rest of the area under a jusing pain from his assailant, and then the ear of the navvy came whirling through the intestine, reaching towards the edge. Kemp suddenly realized that the chase was going to stop. Kemp looked something a dull thud. He felt a drop of moisture on his face. The grip at the right suddenly relaxed, and at the same time a convulsive effort Kemp loosed himself, grasped a limp shoulder, and rolled uppermost. There were the unseen , and in another instance he awoke to him. "I've got him!" screamed Kemp. Help! hold! He's down! Hold his arms. Kemp got another second . It was a simultaneous rush of struggle, and a stranger coming into the road suddenly might have thought an entire game of Rugby football was in progress. There was no shouting after , a sound of blows and feet of heavy breathing. Then came the effort, and the Invisible thrown off a couple of his antagonists and lowered his knees. Kemp clung to him in front of a hound to a stag, and a dozen hands gripped, clutched, and tore d. Unseen. The conductor suddenly got the neck and shoulders of the side and fell back. Down went a circle of struggling men again and rolled over. There was, I say, some savage kicking. Then suddenly a wave of "Mercy! Mercy!" that died ; there was then more to see a doctor looking like choking. "Get back, ok!" Kemp heard in the voice of his opponent, and there was a vigorous shoving back of stalwart forms. "He's hurt, I tell you the back!" It was a brief struggle . Kemp made it all a space, and then the circle of eager eyes saw the doctor kneeling, as it seemed, fifteen inches in the corner, holding invisible arms to the ground. Behind him a constable gripped invisible ankles. "I leave go of him," the big -horn, before another spade; "he's shamming." "He's not shamming," said the doctor, before pulling on the knee; "and I'll hold him." His face was full of tears. Kemp was already going red; he spoke thickly because of a bleeding lip. He was almost in the hand , and he looked to see and glance at the face. "The room wasn't wet,"