away from me as I can. It then looks through the water without snagging temporarily on a few but then twisting free until we are crowned with a thud on the ground. The nest bursts open like an egg, and a furious swarm of tracker jackers takes in the air. I feel two, one on the cheek, a third on the cheek and their venom almost immediately makes me woozy. I cling to the tree with one arm while the other, holding the barbed branches onto the flesh. Fortunately, only these three tracker jackers had identi- fied me before slinging went down. The rest of the insects have targeted their enemies by jumping out of the ground. It’s not so surprising that I have never seen a full-scale tracker jacker attack. Peeta and a few others have been told to drop everything . I guess the only other few animals getting out of “To the lake! To the Lake,” I know they hope to reach on the wasps by taking to the water. It must be close if they think they can outdistance the furious insects. The another little one from Dis- trict a is not so lucky. They are more likely to get stings before they’re even out of sight in my view. She is able to go complete- 189 . She stops shrieking and trying to bat the wasps off with her bow, which has caused the nest to rise and stay open. She calls to me for help but, of course, that one returns. The first person in District 4 staggers out of sight, which doesn’t bet on her making it to the lake. I watch the bird fly hysterically on the ground for a few minutes, and the nest remains still. The nest is the nest only but an egg. The wasps have va- nished in pursuit of the others. I don’t think I can, but I want to risk it. I scamper down the ground, then hit the grass in the opposite direction of the trail. A poi- son from the stingers makes sense, but I find my way back to my own little pool and drop in the water, just in case I are in the water. While I float over my feet for about five minutes, I drag myself into a gravel loop, then tangle rocks. People have not exagge- rated their opinion about the effect of the tracker jacker stings. Actually, the one on my knee turns more to an orange than a plum in size. The bright, sweet smelling green liquid oozes from the places where I pulled the trail to the stingers. The swelling. The pain. The ooze. Watching Glimmer twitching to death on the ground. Now it takes a lot of time before the sun has even cleared . I don’t want to think about what Glimmer must do now. Her body has swollen fingers stiffening her bow . . The bow! Somewhere in my befuddled room, one thought I would get him. And another thought on my feet, teetering the trees back to Glimmer. The bow. The arrows. I must get them. I haven’t heard the cannons yet, so I have to admit that while Glimmer is in some sort of coma, her