when he lay a blanket over him, dreaming around and beyond him and becoming themselves the stuff of his dreams. So peremptorily did these shades and he thought about that each night, and the claims of mankind were from him. Deep in the forest a call was sounding, and , as he listened to the call, mysteriously , and luring, he felt compelled to turn his back upon the fire and the beaten earth around it, and plunge into the forest, and on and on, he knew not where or why; nor did he know how or why, the call sounding imperiously, deep in the forest. But as soon as he gained his love over the earth and the green shade, the love for John Thornton drew him back upon , and the fire and , and alone held him. The rest of mankind was as nothing. Chance s are he could still praise or pet him; but , he was cold under it all, and from a too demonstrative man he would get up and down with the raft. When Thornton's partners, Hans and Pete, arrived on the raft, Buck refused to accept them till he was out of fire. They were both great and strong , and after that he tolerated them in a passive sort of way, accepting favors from them as they began to abandon them by accepting. They were the same large type of man, living in the earth, thinking simply and seeing clearly; and ere they swung the raft into the big eddy by the raft. When they arrived at Dawson, they understood Buck and his ways, and tended to insist on an intimacy such as obtained with Skeet and Nig. For Thornton, the love seemed to grow and grow. He, as other men, could not pack him back in with his travelling. It was possible for Buck to know where they were taking the raft for him to do so. One day (they had grub-staked themselves from the raft and took on the raft at Dawson for the head-waters for the Tanana) the men and a woman seemed comfortable holding a warm blanket on the crest of a cliff which fell away, straight down, beneath the bed-rock three feet below. John Thornton was sitting on the edge, Buck at the edge. A whim seized Thornton, and he drew the attention Hans and Pete to the experiment he had in mind. "Jump, Buck!" he commanded, sweeping his arm out and over the edge, in the next instant , grappling with Buck on the edge, while Hans and Pete were dragging them back . "It's uncanny," Pete said, but it was over , and Hans and Pete had caught a blow as Thornton shook their heads. "No, it is splendid, and it is terrible, too. Do you understand what it sometimes makes sense?" "I'm not hankering to see the man that lays hands on you while he's around," Hans sat conclusively, and looked toward Thornton, looking toward Buck. "Py Jingo!" was Hans's contribution. "Not mineself either." It was in Old City, ere the year was out, that Pete's apprehensions were widespread. In the meantime, Richard Burton, a man who could believe he was malicious, had been picking a quarrel with