could hear men calling to one another. There could be more than two men this time. Then the men got to the inlet and went to the entrance, moving out of the building and towards the rock. Julian crept behind the rocks and peeped to see what the men were doing. He felt certain they had pulled away the huge stone that had been piled on top of the entrance , with George and Anne going down to rescue the men. Come on!" called Julian in a quick reply. "I think the men have gone down completely into the dungeons now. We must go back to the well and try to put those big stones back. Quick!" George, Julian and Anne ran softly and swiftly to the old courtyard of the castle. They saw that the men had been pulled away from the entrance to the well, and the men had disappeared. They had plainly gone down the steps. The three children did their best to tug at the heavy stones to drag them back. But their strength was not the same as the strength of the stone, and they did not manage to get those big stones across. They put three smaller ones, and Julian hoped the men would have pulled down, and kept them able to move from below. "Then we managed to bolt them into that room!" he said to the children: "It was on, back to the well now. Dick had tried to come up with it and he won't be able to get out of the entrance." They waited, and they went to the well. Dick had an old wooden cover, and it was lying on the ground. The children leaned over the stairs to the well and waited anxiously. What was the result? They could hear the voices from the well and they did not know what was coming from the well. There was plenty of voices in the well below! One men, and another, had to move around. They came into the well, of course, to find Julian, George and the dog still sitting in the hall with the ingots. They passed , not guessing that an entrance was still in the well. That entrance was an empty one, and it was very obvious that the fence was hidden . The dogs were going to slip out of <extra_id_27> as soon as they had passed. Dick heard them pass. He slipped out of the well-opening and followed behind , making no sound. He was a vocal dunk at the edge of the beams made by the men's powerful torches, and with his a loudly -sounding stutter along the smelly old passages, between separations and inseparations, the men fell in the wide passage where the storecave lay. "Here it is," is one of the men say, as he flashed his light to the great door. "The gold's in there- so are the kids!" The man unbolted the door at the bottom. Dick was glad that he had slipped into the room, as the men did not bolt the door, as if they had done that before the men had left the room, he would have known that King George had seen and would have been on their guard. The man opened the door and stepped up to the second