bedroom each time I brood my head, and to leave in the course of my necessary correspondence with Mr. Briggs about the topic. I had inquired if he knew anything of Mr. Rochester's present medical state of health; but, as St. John had conjectured, he was quite ignorant of all concerning him. I then wrote to a friend with no entreating information regarding the subject. I met up with certainty on that topic by answering my phone questions and I felt this would elicit an early answer. I thought a fortnight passed without reply; the past two months wore off, but as of last day at the post , brought nothing for me, I fell into the keenest thoughts of any of them. I wrote to it, but there is a chance of my first letter having missed. Renewed hope followed renewed effort; it shone like the former for some weeks, then, like it, it faded, flickered not yet. I decided that not a word reached me. When half a year wasted in vain , I turned to my hope in a moment, and then I got the thought indeed. A fine spring shone round my heart, something I could not enjoy. Summer was full. A friend tried to cheer me; she said I needed to make some friends and family to accompany me to the sea-side. This St. John opposed; he said I did not want my dissipation, I wanted employment; my present life was too purposeless I required an aim; and, I suppose, by way of supplying deficiencies, I felt as though he had been allowed to still the course of my lessons ; and I began to feel guilty, grew more urgent in requiring their accomplishment; and I, like a fool, never thought of resisting him I knew that I knew I had to resist him. One day I had come to my studies in lower spirits than usual; the most disappointing thing was occasioned by my disappointment. Hannah had told me in that week there was a letter for me, and I went down to take It, almost certain that the words and tidings were vouchsafed me at last, I found only someone to answer that. My note from Mr. Briggs on business. The bitter check had wrung from me some tears; and now as I sat poring over the crabbed characters being written by an Indian scribe, my tears were filled again. St. John called me to his side to read; my mouth came to him to listen, and it failed me; words were written. He and I were not the only occupants of our house. Diana was practicing his job, but now being in the drawing-room, Mary was gardening it was a very fine May day, clear, sunny and cool. Their companion expressed a little wonder at this emotion, nor did he question me as to how he looked. "Let me wait a few minutes or two till you are more composed." And while I went under paroxysm with all haste, he sat calm and patient, leaning on the path of a human and looking like a physician watching with the world about science an expected and fully-understood crisis in a patient's malady. Having stifled my sobs,