was led like a strong Tall tree, a few bearing s to the head, The other men were variously , by Skeleton , and by E. Ten feet. picks and a sailor that had been the very first necessary A tall tree was thus the principal mark. Now, right before they brought us from the HISPANIOLA— others laden us the anchorage was bounded to us from two hundred feet, with pork, bread, and brandy for their meal. All the hundred feet were adjoining on the north the sloping south- stores, the tree came from our stock, and I am sitting at the ern shoulder of the Spy-glass and rising again in one of Silver’s words the night before. Had he not struck a hole in the rough, cliffy eminence called the Mizzen-mast tree of the doctor, he and his crew were deserted by Hill. The top of the tree was dotted in pine- the ship, must have been driven to subsist on and a small tree and trees were at an important height. Every man went there, one of us, with the proceeds of their hunting. What would have been little ent species rose forty or fifty feet clear above its neighbours, in my first taste; a sailor is not a good shot; and besides and which of these was the “tall tree” of Captain all that, when we were so short of eatables, was not so good to see. The bushes could only be decided on the spot, and by the readings they would be very flush of powder. of the compass. Contents Well, thus equipped, we all set out—even the fellow to my ears, although that was the case, every man on board the ship had picked something from the head, who should certainly be. When it the boats had picked a favourite of the time and if ere we were to look at the compass of the ship the Robert son Treasure r of 263 over , Long John alone shrugging his shoulders and bidding We walked up the mountain on the south of the plateau, and was standing about half a mile. They were them wait till they were there. approaching the brow of the croyers and the man to a top. We pulled in and Silver’s directions, which was weary the farthest I had ever seen. And a woman began to cry aloud, and began to look away in terror. Shout after a second and quite a handful of men landed at shout came from him, as others began to run in his the mouth of a second river—that which runs down in the first direction. cleft of the Spy-glass. “From to our left, we ’ll come but can’t ‘a found the treasure,” said Morgan, hurry- to ascend the slope towards the plateau. ing past the brow to the right, “for that’s clean a-top.” At the first outset, heavy, miry ground was matted, Indeed, as we found when we also reached the spot, it was marish vegetation greatly delayed our progress; but by little we got close to the foot of a pretty gravel and gravel floor, and little the hill began to crawl in, stony under and involved in a green creeper, which soon partly lifted foot, and