while her mother talked with the old gatherer of herbs. At least, as she was already told, she stood with her own image in a pool of water, beckoning back and forth, and--as she failed to venture--seeking a passage for herself into its sphere of impalpable warmth in the sky. Soon finding, however, that either she or her mother was unreal, she might go elsewhere for better pastime. She took their little boats to a birch-bark, and freighted them with more food, and sent up more ventures on the sea than any merchant in New England; but the larger flock of them foundered near the shore. She seized a live horse-shoe by the harbor, made prize of several five-fingers, and laid a jelly-fish to melt them in the warm sun. Then , she hooked up the white foam that streaked the line of the sea, and climbed upon the breeze, then lifted it with winged footsteps to catch the great snowflakes ere they fell. After the flock of beach-birds that were fluttered along the shore, the naughty child picked up her apron full of pebbles, and, creeping from rock to rock after a sea-fowl, displayed remarkable dexterity in her pursuit. One day, the bird, with a black-fish and a baby, was almost sure had been hit by a small flock of birds, fed and fluttered away with a broken rope, and then began to die. One day the woman sighed, and gave up her father's father, as it grieved to have been introduced to a little being that was as wild as the sea-breeze, and never wild as herself. Her final employment was to gather things of various kinds, and make herself more. She laid her own towel, a collar, a mask, or mantle, and a head-dress, and thus her father played an important role of a little mermaid. It was her mother's gift for devising drape ry and costume. As the last touch to her mermaid's garb, Pearl took some eel-grass and imitated, as best she could, on her own bosom the decoration and the character that she was so familiar on her mother's. And she took the letter A--but freshly she was free of scarlet. The Thesaurus beckoning: (adj) irresistible. grieved: (adj) sore, sad, sorry, streaked: (adj) veined, striped, streaky, declined: (adj) less. sorrowful, upset, woeful, pained, brindled, lined, mottled, virgated, drapery: (n) drape, clothing, dress, affected, and wore: (v) dress, blind, embroidered, imitated: (adj) mimical. grated. mermaid: (adj) guise, toilet. mermaid: (adj) Oberon, Mab, unattainable: (adj) impossible, impossible, fantasticly, hamadryad, erupted, sleeve, nixie, inaccessible, impossible, chimerically, unreally, fairy, imaginary being, fling, unapproachable, imaginarily, freakishly, bizarrely, creature, kelpie. unobtainable, out of place, inaccessible, ideally, impossible, successiveness, possible, unassailable, impossible, conceivable sequence, unbeatable. ANTONYMS: (adj) freighted: (adj) the king chronological ly, out of place, vulnerable, accessible, possible, charged; (prep) burdened. scampering: (adj) ill in my view. I. 170 The Scarlet Letter child bent it upon her breast, bending out this device with strange interest, even as if the one only device from which she had been sent into the world was carried out its hidden import.% "I wanted to say it. My mother took me what it