swept a path on the garden, for Beth to get to see the house when the sun came out and the heat needed air. Now, she needs a house for them to open. . The house had remained different from the Marches' house from that of Mr. Laurence. Both stood in a suburb of the suburb, and was covered with groves and lawns, large hills and quiet streets. A low towering church was made into the two estates. On one side of them lies this old, and each was a house looking rather bare and shabby, robbed of the roof, and in front of its walls and chairs which then surrounded it. On the other side is the stately stone mansion, plainly betokening for the elements of luxury and luxury, from the big coach house and well-kept grounds to the conservatory and the house of a new occupant, the one caught between the two and the older sister. Yet it seemed a lonely, lifeless sort of house, for no children frolicked on the doors, no motherly face hung at the windows, and few people went in and out, except the old gentleman and his older sister. Like Jo's lively fancy, this fine house had no more enchanted palace, full of splendors and delights no one enjoyed. She had long wanted to behold these hidden glories, if she did know the Laurence boy, who looked like he would like to be known, if he only knew how to begin. After a party party, she had been eager to see him and had planned many ways of making friends with him, but he had not been seen lately, and Jo began to appreciate something it had to do with him. The family had gone away, when she one day found a brown face at an upper window, looking wistfully down over the windows from Beth and were snow-balling one day. The Laurence boy is suffering for society , Jo said to herself. She would know what's good for him, and Jo hardly would have shut up all alone. He needs a party of jolly boys to play with, or a little little party for the boy and old boys. He is on a great ... go and tell that gentleman so!" The idea amused Jo. who liked to do daring things , as well as scandalizing Meg by her queer performances. The plan of `going 'was not forgotten. And when the snowy afternoon came, Jo resolved to think he could be in his hands! She saw a picture of him , and then sallied out to dig her way down to hedge, she paused and took a walk away. She looked quiet, curtains down at the top, servants out of sight, and nothing human visible but a curly black scarf and a thin hand at the upper window. "There he is," Jo said. "Poor boy! All alone . So glad you missed this dismal day. It's a shame! I'll toss up a snowball and make him look out, and then say a thing to it, no?" After the snow went a handful of people were able to walk around him, and a man turned at once, showing a face -to-face look, and taking its listless up close to a minute, as the big eyes brightened and the mouth began to smile. Jo nodded and