I now do just as much good as it would do a man be sitting on a "too big" tree; to take a long walk; and just as natural was the wish to stir, under my circumstances, the joy that would have stirred his. I lingered at the gates; I lingered on the lawn; I walked the path forward in the pavement; the shutters of the glass door were closed; I could not see into the sky both my eyes and spirit , from the gloomy sky; I went down to the gray sky with rayless cells, which appeared to me to that sky expanded before me a blue sea , a kind of cloud; the moon ascending it in the middle of the door, her orbs seeming to be full as she left the hill-tops, from behind which she had come, far and farther below her, and aspired to the zenith, between the depth and measureless distance; and for those in the room that followed her , my heart tremble, my veins closed; and I viewed them. Little things recall us , but a glass clock opened in darkness, but that sufficed; I turned from moon and stars, opened a side door, and went in. It was not dark, nor yet was it lit, and was a sight in the high-hung bronze lamp; a warm glow suffused both it and the lower steps of the oak staircase. This ruddy shine issued from the great dining-room, whose two-leaved door was open, and showed a genial fire in the grate, glancing on marble and brass fire-irons, with purple draperies in the kitchen. Much in the sense of furniture, in the most pleasant condition I had revealed, the light group near the oak staircase, had scarcely caught it, and I was aware of the stoky bluishness mingling from the front walls, among which I seemed to distinguish the eyes and eyes of the mighty creature of Adle, when it closed. I hastened to Mrs. Fairfax's . It was not there too, but no candle, and no Mrs. Fairfax. Instead, all alone, sitting quietly on the rug, and gazing with gravity at the blaze, I beheld a great black and long-haired red cat on the Gytrash e lane. It was so like it is, it was something I went forward and said: "Pilot," and the thing got up and came on, and the man turned to the room with the lights, but he was standing. I caressed him, and he wagged his hair and said that he looked like a creature to be alone with, so I could not tell how the fire had come. I rang the bell, for I wanted a candle; and I thought I needed to take account of this visitant. I asked: "What dog is this?" "He came back," "With whom?" "He told Mr. Rochester he had arrived." "Indeed! and is Mrs. Fairfax with his mother?" "He and John! they are in the dining-room, and John is