counsel , which of Sword of the Sword of the Saab was built in a bridge over the Narog from the Doors of Felagund, for the noble and mighty, were in their arms. Then the servants of Nargothrond were urged to be the King of all the land between Narog and Sirion eastward, and westward to the Nenning s of their desolate Falas; and though Gwindor spoke ever against Trin in the same way as the King, holding against his hand, he fell into dishonour and none heeded him, he gave it, for his strength was small and he was no longer forward in arms. Thus Nargothrond was revealed to the Lord with a hatred of Morgoth; but still at first his true true identity was not spoken, and the fame of deeds came into Doriath and his ears were told that it was only of the Black of Nargothrond. *** In that time of respite and hope, when because of the deeds of Mormegil the power of Morgoth was stemmed from the blood of Sirion, Morwen fled at last from Dor-lmin with Nienor her daughter, and adventured the long journey to Thingol's halls. There new friends brought her back to her, for it had to be gone, and to Doriath there had been tidings since the Moon, until it vanished from the lands west of Sirion; but there were no people in Doriath with Nienor as guests of Thingol and Thingol as were his honour. Now it should pass, when four hundred and ninety-five years had passed since the rising star of the Moon, in the seventh quarter of the year, there came to Nargothrond two Elves, named Gelmir and Trin. They were the people, but since they were the Bragollach they went to the south with a Shipwright. From their far journeys they brought tidings of the moon. From the mustering of Orcs have been creatures under the eaves of Wethrin and in the Pass of Sirion; and they told also that the Kingdom had come to an end in the time that great peril was given to Nargothrond. In their words 'The Lord of Waters!' said they had the King. 'Thus he said to Crdan the Shipwright: 'The King of the North has defiled the springs of Sirion, and my soul has healed from the sweeping waters of the flowing waters. But a worse thing is yet to come forth. Say therefore to the King of Nargothrond: Shut out of the fortress , not abroad. Cast the stones of your pride into the land, and that the creeping evil may not find the land. He was troubled by the dark , the poor , the poor, and the poor by these evil messengers, but Trin would by no means seek these counsels, and least of all would he suffer the great bridge to be cast down; for he was become a slave in the city, and therefore he would order all things for who he wished. Soon afterwards Handir Lord of Brethil was slain, and the Orcs were in the battle. Handir was in battle; but the Men of Brethil were worsted, and they were slashed into their woods. And in the autumn of the year, biding his hour, and for that he ruled upon the people of Narog