kotma has come to the morning clearing out a compound and fetching wood for the white Commissioner and the court messengers. Some of these are men of Abame which would not be above such mean occupation. The men were grieved by the indignity and disgust of their own friends. As they cut grass in the morning the younger men sang in harmony with the strokes in his hand: "Sakhaki of the ashya, He is fit to be black. He was fit to be a slave. He had no guns and machetes: "Kotma of the ashy a, He is fit to be a slave. He will be black. The white man has the power. He is fit to be a slave." The male boy would like to be called to beat the men. But the song spread in Umuofia. Obierika was bowed in sadness as he asked Obierika about the things. "Perhaps I have gone from now on long," Okonkwo referred to himself. "But I cannot understand these words, I can't tell ! What is it that happened to them? Why have they lost the power to fight?" "Have you not heard how the white man fights at Abame?" asked Obierika. "I have heard," said Okonkwo. "But I have also heard that Abame people were weak and foolish. Why did they not fight back? Had they no guns and machetes? We would be to compare them to the people of Abame. They had never dared to stand the white ancestors. We must take them back and drive them from the land." "It is too dark to see,” said Obierika sadly. "Our own men and our sons have joined his family because of the stranger. They have joined his family. And they help with his government. If we should try to drive out the white men in Umuofia we might not make it easy. Of course there are only two of them. But what about the people who are following their way and have been given power? They would want to come to Umuru and bring the soldiers, and we would be like Abame." He paused for a minute and said: "I told you on my ward to the white man that they hanged Aneto." "What has happened to me this time?" "The white man knows what the people should think about of land in our family?" He says to Okonkwo. "The white man's court has decided that Aneto should belong to Nnama's family, who had given much money to the white man's messengers and interpreter." "Does the white man understand our custom about land?" "How can he say He does not even have his tongue? But he says that our customs are bad, and our own brothers who have made up his religion accept that our customs are bad. How do you know that you can fight when our own brothers hang on aneto?" " The white man says he is not the white man." " He came to be peaceably in his religion. We were amused at his foolishness and allowed him to stay. He has won our brothers, even though the clan can no longer act like He has put a finger on the things that held us together and we have fallen apart." "How did they allow Ancto to hang him?"