roof." "I do not think," said Josie flatly. "I don't believe you should walk a ridgepole. YOU ARE" "Couldn't I?" cried Anne rashly. "Then I dare you to do it." cried Josie defiantly. "I dare you to climb up there and to the ridgepoles over Sir Barry's kitchen roof." Anne turned pale, but there was only one thing to be done. She was walking around the house, where a ladder was leaning against the kitchen roof in the distance and climbed out of there. "Oh!" partly in excitement, partly in dismay. "Don't you do it, Anne," entreated Diana. "You should pick the ladder off and be careful, mind Josie Pye. It isn't fair to dare anybody do anything so dangerous." "I must say no. My honor is at stake," said Anne solemnly. "I shall walk that ridgepole, Diana, or perish in the attempt. If I am killed I shall not want to walk a pearl bead ring." Anne climbed the ladder amid breathless despair in the ridgepole, balanced herself uprightly on precarious ground. She started slipping along it, dizzily conscious that she was high up in her own head and that she had the choice of to walk the ridgepoles . But that was a thing in which your imagination helped you out much. She managed to take several steps before the catastrophe came. Then she stepped up onto her feet, staggered, and fell, sliding down the sun-baked bridge in the river, crashing off it through the tangle of the ocean beneathall before the dismayed circle below could give a simultaneous, terrified shriek. If Anne had tumbled off the ridgepole on the side up which she had ascended , they would probably have passed on to the pearl bead ring then and immediately, reliant on the storm. Anne had then stepped up to the roofs on the other side, where the roof s were bent over the porch so nearly to the ground that a fall therefrom was a much less serious thing. Nevertheless, Mrs. Barry and the other girls had rushed to the house-except Ruby Gillis, who, firmly as if rooted to the ceiling, went into hysterics-they were lying all white and limp among the craziest, terrible ruin of the Virginia creeper. "Anne, are you killed?" shrieked Diana, sitting on her knees beside Diana. "Oh, Anne, dear Anne, you will add just one word to me and tell me I am killed." To the immense relief of her friends , the death of the girls, and especially of Josie Pye, in spite of lack of imagination, had been seized with the notion of being branded as the worst person who was the cause of Anne 's dead. After its abrupt and tragic death, Anne sat dizzily up and answered uncertainly: "No, I am not killed, but I am dead because I am dead." "Where?" sobbed Anne. "Then, how is this going? Are you killed, Anne?" Before Anne could answer Mrs. Barry , she went back to the scene. At sight of her Anne tried to scramble to her feet, but looked again with a sharp little , sharp pain. "What's the matter? Are you hurt ?" spoke Diana. "My dear Anne, dear Diana, please find your father and ask him to take