'I've controlled the present as a past,"' repeated Winston . "That controls the present as a past,"' said O'Brien, nodding his own slow approval. 'Is it your opinion, Winston, that the past has real existence?' Again the spirit of helplessness descended upon O'Brien and his eyes flitted towards the dial. He not only did not know whether 'yes' or 'no' was the answer that would save him from pain; he did not know which answer he was requesting to be the true one. O'Brien smiled faintly. 'You are no metaphysician, Winston,' he said. 'I didn't know the past had real existence, but what is meant by existence. I put it precisely. Does the past exist in space? Is there any other a place, a world of reality, where the past is still happening?' 'No.' 'Then where does the past live, if at all?' 'In records. I get things written down.' 'In records. And----?' 'In records, human memories.' 'In records. well, then. In the Party, control all records, and we control all memories. Then we control the past, do we control memory - how can you control memory by remembering things?' cried Winston again momentarily forgetting the dial. 'It is within oneself, and this is outside oneself, and this is outside oneself. How can you control memory? You have not controlled mine!' O'Brien's manner slowed back again. Winston turned his head out on the dial. 'I can control something on the contrary,' he said, and he had not controlled it. That is what makes you here. You are here because you have failed in humility, in self-discipline. You would not make a piece of submission which will end up in a price . You preferred to be a lunatic, a person of wisdom, a spiritual person. Only the disciplined mind can see reality, Winston. You can see reality as an objective, external, existing in a context, but in its own circumstances, and you also believe that the nature of the reality will not be as self-evident. When you get into thinking that you see something, you assume that everyone else sees the same thing as you. But I have to remind Winston, that reality is not external. Reality exists in my mind, and not in my thoughts. Not in my mind. You can make mistakes, and in any case , only in the eyes of the Party, which is collective ly evidence. Whatever the facts, my paper, (135 of 170) [1/17/03 5:04:52 AM] file:///F|/rah/George%20Orwell/Orwell%20Nineteen%20Eighty%20Four.txt holds , to the truth, that you do not feel that reality. It is impossible to see reality except by looking through the eyes of the Party. That is the fact that you have got to relearn, Winston. It needs an act of self-destruction, an effort of self-resolving. You must humble yourself before you can be honest. He paused for a few moments, as though to allow what my mind had been saying to sink in. 'Do you remember,' he went on, 'writing in your diary, "Freedom is the freedom to help, two plus two make four"?' 'Yes,' Winston replied, 'Thank you.' Winston O'Brien held up his left arm, his back stretched with the thumb hidden and his fingers extended. 'How fast am I holding up, Winston?'