talk about my wife; she listens to the walls. I just want someone to hear what I have to say. And maybe if I talk long , I mean, so heart gets back in sense. And I want you to teach me to hear what I read." Faber examined Montag's thin, blue-jowled face. "How did you get shaken up? What did that mean without the torch out of your hands?" "I don't know. We have everything we need to be happy, but we love every other part. Something's missing. I looked up. One thing I positively knew was some of the books I'd burned in ten thousand years. So I thought books might help." "You're a hopeless romantic," said Faber. "I think it would be funny if it were serious. It's funny. I know you 've done just some of the things that once were in books. The same things they've done in the `parlour families' today. The same infinite detail and awareness they've projected on radios and movies. They are true. And no, it's not books at all you're looking for! Look for where you 're looking for it, in old books, in old people; in old motion pictures, and in old friends; look for it in old books and look for it . Books were only one type of receptacle where we stored a lot of all the things we were afraid we might forget. There is nothing magical in them all. The magic is only in what books you looked for. And they stitched the patches of the universe together in the way of us. Of course you couldn't know this, of course you still can't understand what I mean . If you say this, but if you are intuitively right, it counts. The same things are missing. "Number one: Do you know what is such a thing? Because they are so important? Because they have quality. And I have the word texture." To me it means texture. This book has pores. It has features. You can go under the tabs of the web. You can go through the entire life under the window . You can go to streaming television. The infinite profusion . The more pores, the more recorded details of life per square inch you can get on a piece of paper, the more `literary' you may be. This is my favorite. Telling detail. Fresh detail. The good writers touch her. The mediocre ones take a quick hand over her. The bad ones rape to leave her in the icy waters. Where do you now do it, why are they just hated and feared? They show the pores in the face of life. The comfortable people want only wax moon faces, poreless, hairless, expressionless. We are living a time when flowers are trying to plant and produce . There is a lot of growing on good rain y days. Even fireworks, for all their prettiness, come from the chemistry of earth. Yet , I think we can imagine feeding on flowers , without completing a leap to reality. Do you think the legend of Hercules and Antaeus, the giant wrestler, was your life! His life was incredible so long it stood firmly on the earth. But when he was