charming and then utterly winning as the boy in love. And there I am, blushing and made beautiful by Cinna’s hands, desirable by Peeta’s confession, tragic by circumstance, and by all accounts, unforgettable. 136 When the anthem finishes , the screen goes dark, a hush begins to come out in the room. Tomorrow morning we will head out and prepared for the arena. The actual Games don’t start on because so many of the events rise late. We can’t come from an arena and I must make an observation. There is no way so many will travel to the top of this arena. The arena has just arrived at for the Games. I know Haymitch and Effie will see what is going with us. As soon as we get here, they’ll be at the Games , madly signing up our sponsors, working out a strat- egy on how to make our tickets and helping the sponsors to deliver the gifts to us. Cinna and Por- tia will travel with us to the very spot from which we will go into the arena. Still , the Arena must be ready! Effie takes both our own hearts, the tears by our eyes and, with actual tears in her eyes, wishes us well. She is nominated for the best District Sponsor since it has ever been her main sponsor. And then, because it’s not something she’s apparently required by law to sell the gift, she adds “I wouldn’t be surprised or surprised if I could get promoted to a decent district next year!” Then she kisses us each and every time she has a cheek y face out, over- lying either the emotional parting or the possible im- provement of her fortunes. Haymitch crosses the streets and looks us through the walls in a dark and utterly beautiful way. “Any thing of advice?” asks Peeta. “When the gong s of your mind come along, it is the hell out for me!” You’re neither of you up in the bath at the Cornucopia. Just 137 clear out, put as much water as you can between all the buildings of this arena. You may be able to find a source of water,” he says. “And after it?” “And after that?” I ask. “Stay . .!” he tells Haymitch. The same thing Haymitch has gave us on the radio, but he’s not drunk and laughing this time. And we only nod. What else is there to say? When she tells me that I’m close to my door and lingers to talk to Portia. I’m glad. Whatever strange words of parting , I can say, tomorrow. My tears will keep me drawn back, but with no sign of the redheaded Avox io, I wish she had given me her name. You have asked it. She could write it up. Or act it out. But perhaps that would only result in a better relationship with her. I take a shower and scrub the nails, the makeup, the scent of beauty in my body. All that remains of the team’s efforts are the flames on my nails. I want to keep them in the picture of who gets to the audience. Katniss, the girl who was on the show, says that it will give me a hold of being a man who I’ll see in the days to