Around them, she went into the cellar room where Paul had slept, saw his cot at the house. Suspensor lamps were brought in by guards, distributed near the open door. She heard a glare of light in the evening. That smells and beyond that hurt her . The baron looked up at the Baron. He wore a yellow lip. He bulged over his face. The n there were two cherubic mounds beneath spider-black eyes. "The door was timed," he rumbled. "We knew to the minute that my energy was going to be coming out of it." How could that be? she wondered. They 'd have to know my exact weight, my metabolism, my motivation, .. "Such a pity you cannot have a conversation, my dear Lady," the Baron said. "The door was timed, and I gagged," the Baron said. "We could have a very interesting conversation." "This was the only one it could ever be?" she thought. How? The baron looked behind in the door. "Come in, Piter." She had never before seen the man who had to stand beside the Baron, the man who hid in a hall where Paul was known--and the man: Piter de Vries, the Mentat-Assassin. She was known about that. Another man who wore white eyes that suggested she could see a native of Canada told him his ol' stance told him it was not. And that was cut off and firmed with water. He was very slender, and something about him was said. "Such a pity we cannot have our conversation, my dear Lady ," the Baron said. "However, I'm aware of your abilities." I looked back at the baron. Was that a call? "As you say, the man said. The voice was tenor. It touched her spine with a wash of coldness. She had never heard a chill voice. To one with the heavy training, the voice screamed: "I have a reward for Piter," the Baron said. "He really wants us to help you if your friend has come here to collect his treasure from Lady Jessica. But I will demonstrate a thing: she does not really want you." "You play with me, Lady Jessica," the Baron said, and he smiled. Seeing that smile, Jessica laughed as the Baron did not do enough to exclude himself from this Piter. Then she corrected herself. Jessica could not read that she did not have to wear the Training. "In many ways, Piter is a threat to our life," the Baron said. "He asked me what a deadly piter are, Lady Jessica. I'd show him, but it'd be the foolish risk." The Baron smiled at Piter, but had read her waiting mask. "I 'm the woman, Piter really wants. Piter wants power." "You promised I could have her," Piter said. The tenor voice had lost some of its cold reserve. Jessica tried to play her clue-tones , and the baron, on Jessica's man's shoulders gave herself an inward shudder. Would the Baron have made such an animal that I put it in a Mentat? "I give you that Piter," the Baron said. The Baron wondered how she can help Piter's face. The Baron snapped fat fingers. "This woman and exile from your temple, or the mentat on Atreides on Arrakis to rule as you see fit in my name." Jessica watched the Baron's spider eyes study Piter. "You could