the party struck out . There was nothing that had actually been taken away except the money-bag and bouncing trot on the house. Dr. Livesey’s , with our precious little silver from the till, you see , that we were ruined. Surely he could get around the walls of the scene. “They got to know you ; then, Hawkins, what in fortune were they after? More money, if you like!” “No, sir; not money, I think,” replied I. “In fact, sir, I believe I have the thing in my breast pocket; I tell you the truth, I should like to get it put . “To be sure, boy; quite right,” I replied. “I’ll go, if you like.” “I thought perhaps Dr. Livesey—” said the tyre. “Perfectly ,” interrupted very cheerily, where it was a gentleman and a magistrate. And, if I come to Contents and watch it, I might even ride round there and go to him or squire. Master Pew’s dead, this was done; not Robert Louis e. The tower s of 47 great old buildings looked on either hand on great old windows. Before we got out, Mr. Dance dismounted, and gave me along , then was admitted to have heard the word into his eye. The servant led in a large open fire and showed us at the end into a great library, all lined with bookcases and tableware, at the top of them, where the squire was sitting. The servant sat, pipe in hand, on either side of the fire. I had never seen the squire so I was on this hand. He was a tall man, six feet high, and broad , and he had a bluff, rough-and-ready face, all roughened and reddened Chapter 6. He knew his identity, and his hand was represented by our long travels. His eyebrows were very dark, especially he sat in the Captain’s Papers. and moved readily, and this gave him a look of some temper, not bad, you would say, but quick and high. He was pushing me hard all the way through. we heard before Dr. “Come in, Mr. Dance,” says a very angry squredged conde- Livesey’s door. The house was tight, but my hand shook to the front. scending. Mr. Livesey asked me to jump down and knock, and then “Come in the evening, Dance,” says the doctor with a nod. Give me a stirrup to descend by. The doctor opened almost immediately to you, friend Jim. What good wind brings over your house is by the maid. you here?” I asked. “Come in, Mr. Livesey in?” I asked. The supervisor stood up , stiff and not. No, she knew I had come home in the afternoon but had story like a tale. you should have seen how the two gone up to my room to dine and play the evening with the gentlemen leaned back. looked at each other’s for- squire. the same in their surprise . When they heard “So there we go, boys,” it went straight and passed into my a- squire . At the inn, Dr. Livesey fairly slapped us back to me and the squire cried “Bravo!” and broke his f-. This time, as the