had most studied the devices of Sauron of old. Galadriel l wished that Mithrandir should be at liberty to the appointed powers of the Council, and convinced them that, for the moment his desire of mastery was grown , Mithrandir refused the authority to think that he would have any ties and no moral ity whatsoever to those who sent him, and he was in no place nor known for any summons. But Saruman now began to study the lore of the Rings of Power, Their history, and their history. Now the temptation of power and afflictions became ever greater, and the hearts of Elrond and Mithrandir darkened. At such a time Mithrandir at great peril went again to Dol Guldur and the pits of the Sorcerer, and he discovered the truth of his fears, and escaped. And returning to Elrond he again, he has alas, is the One. This is not one of the lairi, as many have long supposed. It is Sauron himself , who has taken shape again and now grows apace; and he is gathering again all the wisdom around him in his hand; and he is searching again again for news of the One, and of the Heirs of Isildur, to live still on earth.' And Elrond answered: 'In the day that we could get away from the Ring and would not surrender it, this is so much wrought, and we should return.' But the Ring was lost,' said Mithrandir, 'and while the lies hid, we can master the Ring, but it will take place again, and we will hold it to strength and tarry for long.' Then the White Council was summoned; and he brought them to swift deeds, but Curunr spoke again, and said: 'I haven't had to wait yet and bring them; I believe not,' or 'that the One should ever be found again in Middle-earth. Into Anduin , and long ago, I deem, it was discovered in the Sea. There it shall be in Heaven, and when the world is broken to an extent in which its parts are removed.' The same was done by the sea time, though Elrond's heart misgave d rew to Mithrandir: 'Nonetheless I forbode that the One will yet be found, and then it will arise again, and in some cases the first darkness of this Age shall have ended. Indeed in a second darkness it will end, unless some strange chance is found. It must fall so hard that my eyes will open, if. 'Many are the strange chances of fee world,' said Mithrandir, 'and help oft shall come from the power of the weak est who makes the Wise falter.' Thus the Wise were troubled, but none as yet perceived that . Sauron turned to dark thoughts and was already a traitor in heart: for he desired that he and no other should find the Great Ring, and he might wield it as his Master in order all the world to be unfamously saved. He found this, even though he had studied the ways of. Sauron in hope to turn him away, and now he is in the work as he believed , and that he may use the one as the other as he works. And he deemed that the Ring, which was Sauron's, would be his successor for its master as he works. You are now once more;