make or antagonize them." "Right you know?" We'll keep in the middle of the room. When they started to straighten up their cabin, Clayton and his wife simultaneously noticed the corner of a piece of paper protruding from beneath the door of their quarters. As Clayton tried to reach for it he was amazed to see a knob running into the room, and then he realized that it was being pushed inward by someone from without. Quickly , he stepped toward the door, but, as Clayton approached for the knob to throw it open, his wife's hand held his hand. "Good John," she whispered. "They do not wish to be seen, but we cannot afford to see them. Do not believe that we are in the middle of the room." Clayton smiled as he left his hand to his side. Thus they stood watching the little , white paper, who remained at rest upon the floor just inside the door. Then Clayton rushed to reach for it and filled it up. It was a nice, grimy, white paper on a ragged square. Opening it they wore a crude message printed on it. and with many evidences of his task. Translated, it was a warning to Claytons to refrain from reporting the loss of the revolvers, or to not include what the old sailor had done or refrain on the nymphe . "I rather imagine we'll be there?" was Clayton with a hint. "About all that, please do not sit tight and wait for whatever may come." Chapter 2 12 Home Nor did they have long to wait, but the next morning as Clayton was emerging on deck . After the walk before breakfast, one rang out, and then another, she walked. The sight which was visible in his eyes confirmed his worst fears. Facing them to close the knot of his hand, Clayton pulled the entire length of the hand, and at a nut, we stood again. Chapter 2 13 At the first volle y from him. The men ran for their actions, from points of vantage behind the sea and cabin s . This was one of the few men who represented the hated authority of the ship. Two of their number had been arrested but a small deal would not happen, for the captain's men had lay where they had fallen between the combatants. But then the captain had lunged forward in the face, and at a cry of command , the late Michael , the captain charged the remaining four. The crew had been able to muster but had no weapons, so most of them were armed with gun and ammunition like their axes, hatchets and crowbars. The captain had emptied his revolver and was reloading as the charge was stopped. The second mate had jammed, and so there were but two weapons opposed to the new captain. Five men had leaned upon both who now started to give back before the infuriated rush of their men. Both sides were cursing and fighting in a frightful manner, together with the reports of the firearms