her, and that I had a favour to ask of her. "And it is, Biddy," said I, "in the near future, I will not omit any opportunity of helping him a little." "How helping him on?" asked Biddy, with a hint of glance. "It is a good fellow , in fact, and he is the dearest fellow that ever came by, but he is a good fellow in some things. For instance, Biddy, in his learning and his manners." Although I was looking at Joe, I was worried, but I had no idea that although she opened the very provoking question I had spoken, she did not look at him in his manners! won't his manners do, then?" asked Biddy, sitting across the black-currant leaf. "My dear Biddy, you do very well here--" Can you do very well here?" interrupted Biddy, looking at the leaf in her hand. "Hear me out - but if I were to remove Joe into the higher sphere, as I shall hope to remove me soon, that if I fully remove Joe into my property, they would hardly do him justice." "And do you think he would be worthy of that?" asked Biddy. "And such a very provoking question (for now, never in the right manner occurred to me), that I said, snappishly, "Biddy, what did you mean, having rubbed the leaf to pieces between her hands ?" She - at the start of a black-currant leaf, ever since recalled , - sitting that evening in the little lane, at the side of the lane - said, "I never considered that he was proud?" "Proud?" I repeated, with disdainful emphasis. "There are many other qualities of pride," said Biddy, looking full , on the side of the lane before the leaf became apparent. "pride is not only one kind--" "Well? What are you stopping for?" said I. "Not only in one kind," resumed Biddy. "He may be too proud to let you take him out of that deep spot of his power. This means that he is competent to fill, and fills well and with respect. To tell you the truth, I think he is: though it sounds bold in me to say so, for I think you know him far better than I do." "If you have the heart to be so," said I, in a virtuous and extremely sorry to see this in you, and I did not expect to see this in you. You are envious, Biddy, and grudging. You are dissatisfied on account of my own fortune, and you can't really be sure. "If you have the heart to be so," returned Biddy, " Say so over and over again, if you have your heart to be so." "If you have the heart to be so, you mean, Biddy," said I, in a virtuous and sorry way, "don't put it off upon me. I am very sorry to see this in you, and it's a - it's a bad side of human nature. I did intend to ask you to use any little advice I might have after that were you so surprised. I think you are the first Joe. But after this, I ask you nothing. I am extremely sorry to see this