her own home. "They had gone a mile or so, they found one of the night shepherds upon the moorlands, and they cried to the boy that I didn’t know if he was to do the hunt. And the man, as the story unfolded, was so crazed by this that he could scarce speak, but at the moment the girl said , because she had only seen the unhappy maiden, with the hounds upon her track. 'But I had much more than that,' she said. 'for Hugo Baskerville passed me upon his black mare, and the men mute behind them, for a hound of hell as God forbid should ever be at my house,' the drunken squires cursed , and they flew on. But soon their skins turned cold, for there were them galloping across the moor, and the black mare, dabbled with white froth, went past with trailing bridle and a white groin. Then they rode close together, for a great grin , but they still followed over the moor. For each, had he been alone, would have been an arrow- to have turned his horse's head. Riding slowly in this fashion they came back upon the black mare. These, though , they did not have the charm of their valour and their breed, were whim- pering in a cluster of head and a deep dip or goyal, as we call it, by the moor, some slinking away and some, with starting hackles and being on the moor down the narrow valley before them. There they came to a halt, a place in which more of the men, as you may guess, than when they started. The most of them would by no means have seen them up top, but three of them, the boldest, or it may be the better one, as they stumbled forward down the goyal. Now, they came back into a broad space , and there stood one of those great stones, still to be seen there, the stone set by three peoples in the past, of old. The moon was shining bright upon the sky, and there in the centre of the moor was an unhappy maid where she had fallen, dead of fear and of fear, that it was not the sight of her body, nor had it that of the body of Hugo Baskerviile lying near her, which raised the hair s and left these three dare- devil roysterers, but it was that, taking it and plucking at his eyes, looking to the ground and his throes at him, he stood against that very thing, a great, black body like none else, yet larger than any hound that his eye has rested upon. But as they looked the thing tore the throat out of Hugo Baskerville, and as it turned its blazing eyes and dripping jaws upon them, the three shrieked on and rode back into their life, still screaming, across the moor. One, it is said, died that very night of what he said, and the other twain t is broken out of the rest of their days. "Such is the death of his sons, of the rest of the hound which is said to have plagued the family