start that the lamp nearly fell from her hand. Colonel Stark brought the lamp up to her, whispered something in his ear, and then, pushing her back into the room from whence she had come, he walked towards me again with the lamp in his hand. 'We will have the kindness to keep everyone in this room every few minutes,' he, throwing the lamp out his door. It was a well-appointed plainly furnished room, with a round table in the centre, where several books were scattered. Colonel Stark laid down the lamp on his way to her back, then sat beside the door. 'I shall not lie and stop waiting an instant,' said he, and vanished into the room. As I looked at the books upon the table, in spite of my ignorance of the story, I could see that two of them were treatises on science, the others being volumes of poetry. Then I walked out of the window, hoping I might catch some glimpse of the house which had a hefty oak shutter, heavily framed, folded on a wooden chair, that was a silent house. As I watched this room, there was no passage loudly from the window, until I felt no passage, but otherwise everything was deadly still. A vague feeling of sadness tended to steal over me, but it had no clue who were these German people, and what were they and why were they living in this strange, out-of-the-way place? And where was the place? We were ten miles or so from which the city was all I knew, but whether north, south, east, or near I had no idea. For that matter, Reading, and a few large towns, were within that radius, so the place might not be a pleasant place after all. Yet I was quite certain, in absolute stillness, that this particular place had its place in the country. I paced up and down the room, humming a little of my breath to keep up , and feeling he was thoroughly earning my fifty-guinea fee. But in the absence of any preliminary results in the midst of the utter stillness, the lights and sound of my room swung slowly open . The woman was standing in the aperture, the darkness of the hall behind her, the yellow light from my lamp beating upon her eager and beautiful face. I saw the clog, and at a moment she took it away, with my face of sorrow and delight in the sight sent and to my own heart. She held up my finger on me to be silent, and she kept a few whispered words of broken English at me, twitching and glancing back, like those in a frightened horse, into the gloom behind me. 'I would go,' said she, smiling , but nothing seemed to me to speak calmly; 'I would go. I should not stay here. There is no good for you to go with such madam,' said I, 'I have not yet done what I came for. I could not possibly leave until I have seen the machine.' "'The answer is not worth not to wait,' she went , 'You can stop and lick the door; no one hinders.' And the clogs that I heard shook my