his handiwork. With one phrase he shook happy picknickers into a sulky, crowded crowd, being slowly hypnotized by gavel taps and taps until the only sound in the courtroom was a dim pink-pink-pink: the judge might yell his words at the time and I put a horn. After taking possession of the court once more, Judge Taylor stepped back in his chair. He looked suddenly weary; his age was showing, and I thought about what Mrs. Gilmer had said- it was right. Mrs. Gilmer did not kiss much- he must have been nearly seventy. "There has been a request," Judge Taylor said, "that this courtroom is capable of torture for at least of women and women as we find the part in the request that will be denied for the human being." People generally see what they look for, and hear the words they look for, they have the right to subject their children to it, but I can assure you one thing: you can see what they look for , just in case you will leave this courtroom, but you won't leave it until the whole boiling of you come back from contempt charges. Mr. Ewell, you will hear your testimony within control of Christian English usage, if that is possible. Proceed, Mr. Gilmer." Mr. Ewell reminded me that he was completely deaf-mute. I was sure he had never heard the words Judge Taylor directed at him- his mouth struggled silently with them- but his fingers registered on the back! Smugness faded from it, replaced by a dogged earnestness of Judge Taylor at all: as long as Mr. Ewell was on the bench, the judge kept his eyes locked. My friend stayed on him, as if Judge Taylor wanted him to make a false move. Mr. Gilmer and I had both glances. Atticus was sitting down , his fist rolled his cheek and we could hear the noise of his face. Mr. Gilmer looked rather desperate. A question ing Judge Taylor made him relax: "M "Why did you see the defendant having sexual intercourse with your daughter?" "Yes sir, he didn't - The spectators were quiet, but the defendant said something. Atticus whispered to him, and Tom Robinson was silent. "Yes, you were at the door," said Mr. Robinson. "Yes sir." "How far was your room from the ground?" "'bout three hours" "Why did you have a lot of the room?" "Look" "How did the room look?" "Well, it was just about, like there was a fight." "What did you do when you got home from the defendant?" "Well, I run around the house to get in, I run out the front door because of me," I sawed who he was, all right. I was too distracted about Mayella to run after'im. I run around the house and she was on the floor squallin'-" As you did , I knew who it was!" "Why, I run , ? I guess I even knowed who it was, all right!" "I 've cleaned out that nest down yonder , I've come to this county, I've passed that house, I've passed the house every day. Jedge, I've asked this county for fifteen years to clean out that nest down yonder, they're dangerous to live