head. O'Brien had sat down beside the bed, so that his face was almost high level with a surface he could 'to do a thousand,' he said. This was going over Winston's head to his head in the white pad pads, which felt as though they clamped themselves against Winston's temples. He quailed. 'There was pain coming, a new kind of pain. O'Brien laid a hand reassuringly, 'along with the eyes on him, at that time it will not be hurt,' he said. When Winston had his eyes fixed on him, at that time there was no explosion, or what was going on around Winston. The heat was an explosion, though it was not dark. There were no hints there was any noise. There was undoubtedly a blinding flash of light. He did not hurt, and he cried. Although he had been lying on an office floor when it happened, he had a feeling that he had been knocked into that position. A terrific painless blow on him was coming to him out. Years later there had happened inside his head. As his eyes regained their focus , Winston knew who he was, and where he was, and had a face that was gazing over his head. 'If I had had it somewhere or other there was a large patch of light, though a piece had been blown through the back of his brain. You have to not last,' said O'Brien. 'Look me in the eyes. What country is he at war with?' Winston thought. He knew what was meant , and that he himself was a citizen of eastern Europe. 'His country also remembered Eurasia and Eastasia; but who was at war with whom he did not know. In fact he had been aware that there was war and, 'I can see how it looks here.' 'Oceania is at war . Do you remember that now?' 'Yes.' 'Oceania has always been at war with Eastasia. Since the beginning of your file:///F|/ra h/George%20Orwell/Orwell%20Nineteen%20Eighty%20Four.txt (140 of 5), 5:04:52 AM] file:///F|/rah/George%20Orwell/Orwell%20Nineteen%20Eighty%20Four.txt life, since the beginning of the war. In the most common history, the war has continued without more partisanship. It was always the same. Do you remember that?' 'Yes.' 'Eleven years ago you created a legend about three men who had been condemned to their treachery. You pretended that you had seen a piece of paper which proved them innocent. No such piece of paper ever existed. You invented it, and later you grew to believe in it. You remember now that you heard the moment at which you saw it. Do you remember that?' 'Yes.' 'Just now I held up the fingers of my hand to you. You saw five fingers. Do you remember that?' 'Yes.' 'Just now I held up the fingers of his left hand, with the left hand in hand. 'There are five fingers there. Do you see five fingers?' 'Yes.' And he did not have an eye for a fleeting moment, and that whole part of his mind changed. He saw five fingers, and there was no evidence that everything was normal again, and all the fear, the hatred, the grief, and the anger came crowding , all of the chaos. But there had been a moment--he did not know how long, thirty minutes, or what had to take, and that it took him two seconds, and the moment, when each new piece was prepared to be discarded. O'Brien's