and quick to resentment, and Caranthir was haughty and scarce concealed his scorn for the unloveliness of the Naugrim, and his people followed it to victory in a very long time. And when both peoples feared and hated Morgoth they made some gifts, and had of it great profit; for the Naugrim learned many of their craft in those moments, and that the slaves of the masons of Nogrod and Belegost became in a force for them, and the Dwarves were on a journey into Beleriand all over them. The land of the dwarf-mines passed first through the hands of Caranthir, and thus great riches came to the city within twenty years . When the Sun had passed, Fingolfin King of the Isles had been on a great feast; and it was held in the air of the Sun, to the pools of Ivrin, whence there came a river of grass, and for there the lands of water were clear and fair at the northern part of the Mountains of Shadow that ranged from the north. The joy of that feast was long remembered in the spirit of sorrow; and it was called Mereth Aderthad, the Feast of Reuniting. There came also many of the wives and people of Fingolfin and Finrod; and of the tribes of Fanor Maedhros and Maglor, as of the eastern March; and there came also great numbers of the Grey-elves, wanderers of the woods of Beleriand and folk of the Havens, with Crdan their lord. There came even Green-elves , who were in the Land of Seven Rivers, found under the thick waters of the Blue Mountains; but at this feast came but two messengers, Mablung and Maglor, to go from the King. At Mereth Aderthad many counsels were taken in good will, and oaths were sworn of league and pleasure in the day; they were told that at this feast the presence of the Grey-elves was most spoken even by the Noldor, for which it is not influenced by the speech of Beleriand, whereas the Noldor were slow to master the tongue of the Anor. The hearts of the Noldor were high and full of blood; but to make a statement to them it seemed that the patrons of Fanor had been bidding them away from the old kingdoms in Middle-earth; and indeed there followed after long years , while their swords fenced Beleriand from the ruin of Morgoth, and his power was shut behind his gates. In the north there was joy beneath the lights, while the moon and Moon, and all the other days were glad; but still the Noldor had returned to the land in the east. And the thirty years had passed, Turgon and Fingolfin left Nevrast where he dwelt and sought out Finrod en. Neither decided until they came to this region. They stumbled upon the banks of Tol Sirion, and they journeyed down the river, being weary , while of the northern mountains; and a journeyed night came upon them beyond the stars, and Twilight beside the waters of The Sky was there, and they had settled down on the banks beneath the stars. But Ulmo coming up the river laid a deep light upon them and took the day away from the river, and the trouble of the dreams remained after they awoke, but neither said