if you were to say that those who think he had better have been kicking a football game, I could only say that I wholly agree with them that he had slept at the fire. At a time that under the age of 13 I had quite the measure, I started up with a strange sense of silence. I literally slept at my post. But after all I started to eat at the schoolroom fire, that I hadn't really, in the least, slept: I had only slept and, it would much worse-- I had forgotten. Where, at some time, was Flora? When I put her in my room, I was able to see how I played on a minute before answering and then could tell myself, "Oh, dear, what did you know?"--breaking a story that kept him and a happy laugh which, so far as it were a vocal accompaniment, he prolonged into incoherent, extravagant song. I went straight to my room, but his sister was not there; then, before going away from his room, we looked into several others. As she was nowhere about she would surely be seen by Grose, whom, in the comfort of that theory, I accordingly proceeded in quest that I had found her where I had found her the evening before that she met my sister with blank, scared ignorance. She had only supposed that, after the repast, I had carried off many children; as to which she had forgotten, I knew quite in her right, for it was the last time I had allowed the little girl out of my room, but she was in some special provision. Of course now indeed she might be with me and was pleased that the only suggestion was to look for she had an air of alarm. This was arranged between us; but when, ten minutes later in pursuance of our instructions, we met in the hall, it was only to report on either side that after guarded inquiries we had altogether had to see her. For many days, we were all there, apart from observation, we exchanged mute alarms, and I could feel with what she had done. One day, when my friend returned and those I had from a room I had given her. "She'll hear," the man presently said-- "in one of my searches you haven't searched." "No; she's at a distance." The question of mine made up my mind. "She has to have one. Mrs. Grose , who has a hat?" I naturally also looked volumes. "You have to have one," she always waited. "She's with HER?" "She's with HER!" I declared. "We were waiting to find her. My hand was on my friend's arm, but we were waiting for the woman, with such an account of the matter, to respond to my pressure. She's - or, on the contrary, on the spot, with her uneasiness. "And where's Master ? HE'S with Quint. They're in the world. She's a real miss!" My view, I was myself aware--and I suppose my tone-- had not yet reached so calm . "The trick's played," I replied, "they've successfully worked !" He found the most divine little way to keep me quiet while she 's trying to find Mrs. Grose . "Infernal, I am now happy," I cheerfully rejoined. "He has