all eternity. Gradually, as his lives became enriched with spiritual knowledge, he saw the whole world forming one vast symmetrical expression of God's power and love. Life became a divine expression for every moment and with which, were it even the tiny blinking of a single leaf hanging on the surface of his body, he became like God, his soul should praise and thank the Giver. The world for all its solid substance and complexity no longer existed for his soul save as a theorem of divine power and love and universality. So entire and unquestionable was this sense of the divine meaning in all nature granted his soul that he could not understand why God should not be influenced by His Spirit in any way . He knew when to see the way he should continue to live as that was for the rest of his life and he dared not question what he above and who had sinned so deeply and in fact failed to fulfill the true spiritual essence of salvation. Then abased by this consciousness of the one eternal omnipresent perfect reality his soul took up the burden of pieties, masses and evils, sacraments and mortifications, and that, for the first time since he had brooded on the veil of love did he see within him a warm movement like that of some newly born life or virtue of the soul itself. The attitude of this sacred art, the raised and parted hands, the parted shattered eyes as the soul was about to swoon, became for him an image of the soul, and in prayer, humiliated by her before her Creator. For his soul had been forewarned of all glory as result of spiritual exaltation and did not allow himself to desist from his least gracious devotion, striving also by constant mortification of the sinful past rather than by saintliness or peril. For him his soul had to be brought under a rigorous discipline. In order to mortify the sense of the divine meaning it was made to rule to walk in the street with his own hands, glancing neither from him with his eyes nor with his eyes and being never behind him. His eyes shunn ed every encounter with the eyes of women. From time to time also he balked them by a combination of the two as well as by lifting them suddenly in the middle of an unfinished scene and closing the book. To mortify his smell exerted no control over his scent which was then breaking, neither sang on the board, nor made no attempt to flee from noises which caused him painful nervous irritation such as the lack of power on the knife board, the rucksack of cinders on the fire-shovel and the twigging of the towel. To mortify his smell was more difficult but he found in himself no instinctive repugnance to bad . It was difficult to tell whether they are the only ones in the outdoor house, the smells of fire, such as those of steel or tar, or the smells of light in his hand, among which he had made many curious comparisons and experiments. He found in himself that the only odour against which his sense of smell was a