is it.” I feel at least able to get a shot at them. “I just shot an arrow at them and it was Gamemakers.” I imagine me watching. “You were horror ful,” Effie voice confirms my mind. “I shot an arrow at them. Not exactly at them. In their direc- tion. It’s like Peeta said, I was shooting and they were ignoring me and because . . . I just lost my life in this horrible world so I shot it out of their stupid roast pig’s mouth!” I say defiantly. “And what do they say?” says Cinna carefully. “Well, I don’t know. I walked out after that,” I say. “Without being dismissed?” gasps Effie. “I dismissed it,” Haymitch said. “Well, how I promised his family he really would try to make the fire stop and I feel like a ton of money dropped on me. “Well, that’s that,” says Peeta. As he butters a few square slices. “Can you think they’ll arrest me?” I ask. “Doubt it. It’s your pain to replace you at this !” asks Haymitch. “What about my family?” I say. “How would they be the ones I want to replace?” she asks. “Don’t think so. Wouldn’t make much money. You would have to reveal what ’s in the Training Center. You would need it to have any impact on the population. People would need to know what you did. But they can’t since it’s secret, so it’d be a bit of effort,” says Haymitch. “More likely they’ll make your decisions in the arena.” “Well, I promised someone to tell that to us any way,” says Peeta. 106 “Very true,” says Haymitch. And I realize the impossible . They have actually cheered me up. Haymitch picks up the chop with his fingers, turns them into a frown, and dunks it in his wine. He rips out a hunk of meat . He tries to chuckle. “What do their faces like?” I see the edges of my mouth tilting up. “Shocked. Terri- fied. Uh, ridiculous, some of them.” An image pops into my mind. “One man tripped backward into a bowl .” Haymitch guffaws and we all start laughing except Effie, al- no, wondering if she is suppressing a smile. “Well, she puts them right. And it’s your job to pay attention to you. And just because you ’re talking about a District , you have no excuse s.” My eyes dart be as if she’s said something totally outrageous. “I’m sorry, sorry, I think,” she says to no one in particular. “I’ll get a very good score than anyone else. No matter if they’re very good, you must be good at a point and not pays much attention to the bad or not. For all they know, they should utilize your talents to get a low score on purpose. There’s nothing like that strategy,” said Portia. “But that’s how people interpret the four I’ll probably get,” says Peeta. “If that. Really, is anything less than watching a person throw a heavy ball and throw it a few times? He almost landed on his right and then I grin at him and realize that I’m starving. I cut off a piece