Blackpool pier once, I nearly drowned -- but nothing happened once I was eight. Great Uncle Algie got round the door and he was hanging me out of an upstairs window by the ankles when my Great Auntie Enid offered him a meringue and he accidentally let go. But it went -- all the way down the garden -- to the back. They were so pleased, Gran was crying, she was so happy. And you should have seen their faces . "I just fell here -- they just didn't." "You can tell if it might not be magic enough to come, but Uncle Algie was so pleased he bought me my toad." On the other side, the Teacher and Hermione were talking about a new approach. ("I do hope they give it away, there's so much to learn, and I am particularly interested in Transfiguration, you know, turning something into something else, of course. The experiment wasn't supposed to be very difficult -- but sometimes it might be pretty, it just matches into needles and that sort of thing -- "). Harry, who seemed to feel warm in his room, looked up at the High Table again. Hagrid was drinking deeply from his goblet. Professor McGonagall was talking to Harry. Professor Quirrell, in his absurd turban, was talking to Harry, with greasy black hair, a sallow nose, black skin. It happened to him. The n he looked past Quirrell's turban straight into Harry's eyes -- and a sharp, yellow streak from his nose to the right , that seemed to be scar ing his forehead. Then, Harry clapped straight to his feet. "What is it?" asked Percy. The pain had gone as quickly as it had come. Harder to shake off was the feeling Harry had gotten in the teacher's look , so he thought that he didn't like Harry at all. "Who's been talking to Professor Quirrell?" he asked Percy. "Oh, you 're already , do you? No wonder he's looking so cool at Professor Snape. "I like to eat, but he doesn't want to -- everyone goes after him." Knows an awful lot about the Dark Arts, Snape." Harry watched Snape for two hours, but Snape didn't look at his glasses when the drinks were served." At last, the desserts too disappeared, and Harry got to his feet again. The hall fell silent. "Ahem -- just a few thousand that's gone in now . We are all fed and watered. I have a few , too, little information to give you. "First years should note that the corridor is on the grounds of not being accessible to all the pupils. And a few of the students could have served their well to them . "Although Dumbledore's twinkling eyes flashed in the direction of the Weasley bridge, the corridor is also called into question by Mr. Filch, the caretaker, to remind you that no magic should be used to get in the corridors. "Quidditch trials will be held in the second week of the term. Anyone interested in playing with their house teams should contact Madam Hooch. "And finally, I must tell you that this very third-floor corridor on the right-hand side is out of