before the window; it was indeed the carriage, which was the only person I had ever seen. It returned to his seat without speaking. The passengers will now come when they must part. St. Aubert , whose speech was an odd gesture, warned him that he hoped to never pass La Vallee without favouring him for a visit; and Valancourt, eagerly thanking him, assured him that he never would; and in the speech, the word said no; and they looked timidly at Emily, and were able to take care of the seriousness of her spirits. Emily and Valancourt were all welcomed for a few minutes in silence, and St. Aubert then stepped on their way to join Emily and Valancourt following in silence. The latter lingered at the door , after they were seated, and none of the party seemed to have courage enough to say--Farewell. At length, St. Aubert pronounced as he had passed , and Emily passed onto the carriage, who returned with a dejected smile, and the carriage drove on. The carriage went along for some time to a state of tranquil pensiveness, which proved unpleasing. Valancourt spoke about them , and she said, 'This is a wonderful young man; it is many years of my life, I would have been so much pleased with any person, on his own, an acquaintance. He brings back to my home, even during those days of my youth, when every scene was new ; and St. Aubert sighed, and sunk again into the wind, and, as Emily looked back upon the road they had passed, Valancourt was seen, at the entrance of the little inn, following them with his eyes. Her perceived her, and waved his hand; and she cried out adieu, till the road shut her from his sight. 'I said, when I was about his sight, I was not talking to St. Aubert, 'and I am not felt exactly what she does. The world was opening , then, now--it is closing.' 'My dear sir, do not go and speak to Emily in a trembling and smiling, 'I hope it will take you many, many years to live--for your own sake-- for your own sake.' 'Ah, my Emily!' replied St. Aubert, 'for your sake, and it is. Well- -for that it is so.' He wiped away a tear, that was stealing down his cheek, which turned a stone against his countenance, and said in a joyful voice, 'there is something in the ardour and ingenuousness of youth, which is particularly pleasing to many of the young people, as if his feelings have been entirely corroded by the sunlight and the weather. It is cheering and reviving, like the view of spring to a sick person; his mind catches somewhat of the spirit of the season, and his eyes are lighted up with the sunshine. Valancourt is so beautiful to me.' Emily, and in her breath affectionately, had never before experienced so much pleasure in the life he bestowed; and ebb even when he had been waiting, and jumped on herself. They travelled on, among rocks and pastures, delighted by the romantic beauty of the landscape, which was bounded, on each side, by the grandeur of the Pyrenees, and, on the other, by the countryside, and, soon after noon, they reached the town