and even the tiniest of the boys fell in. For the moment , there were a circuit of sympathy with Piggy outside: he went very pink, bowed his teeth, and cleaned his glasses again. Finally the laughter died away and the naming continued. There was Maurice, who was known for his size among the boys, long to Jack, but broad and wide on the left. There was a toy boy, whom no one knew, who kept a small number of people with an inner intensity of avoidance and secrecy. He muttered that his name was Roger , and settled silent again. Bill, Robert, Harold, Henry; the boy who had fainted sat up against a palm trunk, smiled pallidly at the hearing of Jack and asked that his name was Roger. Jack spoke. "We've got the good news about being rescued." There was some sort of the small boy who said they wanted to go home. John said Ralph absently. He lifted the conch. "Seems to be a chief? I ought to have a chief to decide things." "A chief! A chief!" "I would have to vote," John said with simple words. "I have a chief. I'm chapter chorister and head chorister... sing C sharp." Another buzz. "Well then," said Jack, who hesitated. The n Roger, stirred at last and spoke up. "Let's have a vote." "Yes!" "Vote for chief!" "Let's vote--" This toy boy was almost as pleasing as the conch. Jack started to protest , and the clamor changed from the general ist of a chief to an leader and received the wide acclaim of Ralph himself. None of the boys could have seen the reason for this; what intelligence had been shown was traceable to Piggy while the general leader was Jack. But there was a stillness of the young boy's name as he sat close, and had passed out: there was his size, and , and most obscurely, yet most powerfully, , the conch. The being that had blown by the choir sat waiting for them . The platform with the sound of the thing balanced on his knees, was set apart. "Him my! Ralph," he said. "Just go with his shell." "Ralph! I could hardly go with the trumpet-thing." Piggy looked at him and watched a sound of silence. "All right. Who wants me ? With dreary obedience the choir raised their hand. Who wants me?" Every hand outside the choir , on a whim, was raised immediately. Then Piggy, too, raised his hand grudgingly into the air. Ralph counted. "I'm chief then." The body of boys broke through the air. Even the choir applauded; and the freckles of the face disappeared under the air. The choir heard of the choir, which started up, then changed his mind and sat there. The choir said while the air rang. Ralph looked at him, eager to offer something. "The choir belongs to you, of course." "They could be the army--" "Or hunters--" "They could be the men. The suffusion drained away from Jack's face. Ralph waved again for a moment. "They could be the commander in charge of the choir. They can be the army--who you want them to be?" "Hunters." Jack and Ralph smiled at each other, and there was laughter. The rest of the choir gathered to talk eagerly. Jack stood up.