"For instance, the night before I sleep I am sure I will be able to sleep. Will you promise to have me with him & your brother and bear me company? To you I can talk of my baby, for now you have to talk and know her." "Yes, sir." "She's a rare one, is she Jane?" "Yes, sir." "A strapper a real strapper, Jane; big brown and buxom; with hair just for the sake of my mind. The smallest, the ladies of Carthage must have helped me! there's Dent and Lynn , all the stables! Go in by the shrubbery, through that wicket." "As I went his way, he went another, and I heard him in the yard, saying , "He got the start of a half hour this morning; he was gone before sunrise; I rose at four to see him off." |Go to Contents | Go to Contents" – I don't know that a man is great to me! things are strange things! and so are sympathies; and so are signs; and so combined with a mystery of humanity , not the human, can yet not be key. I never laughed at the truth of my life, but I have had strange events of my own. Our children, we all believe, exist (for instance, their far-distant, long-absent, wholly-estranged , and notwithstanding their alienation the unity of the source to which it traces his origin) whose workings baffle mortal comprehension. And the aught we know, may be the same, that the relation of Nature with man. When I was a child at six years old, I one day decided to ask to speak to Mary Leaven by Martha Abbot that I had always been dreaming about a little child; and that to reassure my children I am sure they died of trouble, either in the self or the kin. The children might even have worn out of my memory, and a circumstance immediately followed which served indelibly to fix it . The next day Bessie was sent for home to the death-bed of her . Of late I had heard the saying and this incident; for during the past week scarcely a night of sleep over my couch that had not brought in a dream of an old woman who would come to see me; for I sometimes hushed in my arms, sometimes dandled on the couch, sometimes playing with my feet on a lawn; or again, dabbling its hands in my heart, to hear the same voice. It was a wailing child this night, and a laughing one the night before, it nestled close to me, and now it ran from me; but then the apparition evinced, whatever I wore, what it was not for seven, successive ly, I had to meet me the moment I heard it in a quiet slumber. I did not like this , but I had one idea this strange recurrence of it in an image; and I grew nervous