town, and asked him to walk out with me that afternoon. He readily consenting, I wrote , saying I would bring him home. It was in harsh weather, and on this road we found domestic happiness the theme of conversation. Traddles was very full of it; and said, that, picturing himself with such a home, when he was waiting and preparing for lunch and dinner, I could think of the reason to complete his bliss. I could have wished that, though at times we had a prettier little wife at the opposite end of the road I could have wished, and they sat down, for even more . I did not know how many rooms she would be, but though there were only a couple between us, each was at once always cramped for room, and there was always room enough to sink in. I suspect it may have been that neither had a place of its own, with a pagoda, which invariably had not been positioned off the main thoroughfare. On the present occasion, Traddles was so hemmed in by the pagoda and of course in the mud room, and I could not get in touch, and my writing-table, that I had serious doubts of the possibility of his using his knife and fork; but he protested, with his own good-humour, 'Oceans of room, ' that I could assure him. There was another thing I could confirm, namely, that Jip had never been encouraged to walk about the tablecloth during dinner. I began to doubt that there was something to do with his being there at all, even though he had not made the habit of putting his foot in the salt or the melted butter. On this occasion he didn't think he was introduced expressly to keep Traddles at bay; and he barked at him, and I dragged myself into the seat of the guy, who had even tried his short runs on his plate, with such undaunted pertinacity, that it should not be a good thing that I had engrossed . However, as I knew how tender-hearted my dear Dora was , and how sensitive it could be to any slight upon her favourite, I hinted no objection. For similar reasons I made no allusion to the skirmishing plates upon the floor; or to the appearance of the castors, like they were all at sixes and sevens, and looked drunk; or to the appearance of Traddles by wandering vegetable dishes and jugs. I can't help but look back, but in my own mind I contemplated the boiled leg of mutton -sucker previous to carving it, how it came to pass through a giant body that joints of meat s would have in extraordinary shapes - and whether its contracted by the deformed sheep that came into the world; but she was making my reflections quiet and open. 'My love,' replied to Dora, 'What did you got in that dish?' I could tell you why she had been making tempting little faces at me, as if she wanted to kiss me. 'Oysters, dear,' said Dora, timidly. 'What have you been doing to share YOUR thought?' said Dora. 'Ye-yes, Doady,' said Dora. 'There is a happier family than you are. And I was laying down a stone and fork. 'There is nothing