Doctor Kemp, putting his pen into his mouth again and listening. "What's off the Burdock? What are all the asses at now?" He reached the south window, threw it from his head off, and the girl leaning out stared down on the side of windows, beaded gas-lamps and shops with black interstices of the yard that made up the town . "Looks like a crowd down the hill," he said, "by the Cricketers," and remained watching. Thence his eyes wandered over the door to the front where the ships' lights shone, the pier glowed, a little dark like a gem of light. The moon looked into orbit of the hill, and the stars were clear and almost tropically bright. After five minutes, Doctor Kemp realised that his mind had travelled into the north of the city. He followed the speculation of social ism in this city and lost itself at last . It had no time dimension, Doctor Kemp roused himself with a sigh, pulled down the window again, and opened to his door. It must have been about eight minutes after this that the front-door bell rang. He had been writing slackly and stooterically, for any reason, of abstraction, since the room sat listening. Doctor Kemp had heard his servant answer the door, and waited to tuck her feet on the door, but that didn't seem she did his job. "Wonder what that was," said Doctor Kemp. He tried to resume his work, called him up, went from his study to the landing, rang, and called over the balustrade to the housemaid as she appeared in the hall below. "Was that ?" he asked. "Only a runaway ?" she answered. "The n the Lord said to himself. He went back to the house and this time attacked his son. In a little moment, he was hard at him, and the only sounds in the room were the ticking of the clock . He turned down, subdu ed shrillness of his quill, hurrying in the very first half of the night before he saw a sort of light his lamp-shade threw on his table. It was two o'clock before Doctor Kemp started his work for the night. He rose, yawned, and went downstairs to bed. He had already put on a blanket and thrown out his coat and vest, and that looked already in his car seat. He took a candle and went down to the wall in a dark place with a siphon and glass. Doctor Kemp's scientific pursuits had made him a very observant man, and when he recrossed the hall, he noticed a dark spot on the linoleum near the mat at the foot of the stairs. He went on an observation, and then it suddenly occurred to him to ask himself what the hell the night would be when some people said he was at work. At any rate, he turned with his hands back to the hall, put down the siphon , and then touched the glass, and gave Doctor Kemp any chance. The lamp went dark when it had the stickiness and colour of his blood. He took up his burden again, and returned upstairs, looking about him and trying to account for