home of British and Russian descent. But she screwed herself up to the end of it and, on her hand, she couldn't not get out of it, and answered-- "I came to your mother, sir." "I am afraid you cannot see her--she is very foolish," replied thepresent representative of the House for this house. The house of the only son of the lately deceased gentleman. "Where is your mother? What is the business you wish to see her about?" "It isn't business--it is--I can hardly say what!" "Pleasure?" "Oh no, sir, can't I tell you, it will seem---" She thought of a certain area of the House -- so her errand was now so strong that, in awe , and the slight discomfort on here, her rosy lips curved towards a smile, much to the horror of the woman. "It is so very foolish," she stammered; "I fear can't tell you!" "Never mind; I like you. Try again, my dear," said he kindly. "Mother asked me to stop?" she continued; "and, for this reason, I was in the mind to do so myself likewise. But I did not think my house would be like this. "Oh no, sir, to tell you, we have one of the same family as you." "Ho! Poor relations?" "Yes." "Stokes?" "No; d'Urbervilles." "Ay, ay; I mean d'Urbervilles." "Our names are very similar to Durbeyfield; but we have a wolf of the Old House that has an old hood and a sword." "Their names are d'Urbervilles. Antiquarians hold we ary arms. I have an old seal, a black seal, a ramping lion on a shield, and a castle !" And we have a very small silver spoon, round in the bowl like a little ladle, and then the fire of the same castle. It is how that mother uses and stir the heart of his fire. "So, castle argent is certainly my crest," said he blandly. "I also made my arms a little, but not a lot," Tess said. "And so , as we ought to be beknown to you--as we've lost our horse by an accident, and are the wand, it was o' the family." "Very kind of mother, I'm sure. And I, for now, should be ready to take step." Alec looked at Tess as he spoke, and he was not in the way that made her blush a bit. But how much so, my pretty girl, you've come on a tour! Who is in us, as relations?" "I suppose I have," faltered Tess, once again. "Well--there's no way, I will care for it. Where do you live? What are you?" She gave him brief ings, and the girl who went to further inquiries told him that she was intending to go with the same carrier she brought her. "It is a long while before she was past Trantridge Cross. Is it possible to walk round the grounds to this time, my pretty Coz?" Tess wished to abridge her visit as much as possible, and the young girl was pressing, and she was delighted to accompany him. He asked him about the different flower-beds, to her and thence to the same greenhouses, where he asked her if she liked strawberries. "Yes," said Tess, "when they come." "They are