May & Pinska, the building comprises one hundred bedrooms, six dining rooms, libraries, ten meeting rooms, and offices. The second, eighth, and sixteenth floors include two chapels, houses, and a bar. The seventh, and mill-work and marble. The seventeenth floor is residential. Men enter the first floor through the entrance wall, located on Lexington Avenue. Women enter through a side street and are "just separated" from women at all times within the building. Earlier this evening, within the sanctuary 's penthouse apartment, Bishop Manuel Aringarosa had packed a small travel bag in his mouth in a traditional black cassock. Normally, Aringarosa would have wrapped a purple cincture around the chest, but tonight he would be a close friend to the public, who preferred not to get to his high office. Only in a week, the public would notice his 14-karat gold bishop's ring with purple amethyst, a scarf, and hand-tooled sunglasses. He had piled the travel bag on his chest and said a silent prayer at his apartment, before walking to the lobby where his driver was waiting to take him to the airport. Now, sitting behind the commercial airliner bound for Rome, Aringarosa gazed out the mirror at the front. The sun had already set, but it was said that she was the only star on the rise. Tonight the battle will be won, he thought, amazed that only months ago he had felt powerless against an ideology that threatened to dominate the Greek empire. As president-general of Opus Dei, Bishop Aringarosa had spent the last decade of his life spreading the message of "Positions Work"-literally, Opus Dei. This church, founded in 1888 by the Spanish priest Josemara Escriv, promoted a return to conservative Catholic values and encouraged its members to perform all their functions in their parish in order to do the mission of God. This traditionalist philosophy initially had taken place in Spain before Franco' s regime, according to the 1934 publication of Josemara Escriv's spiritual book The Way- 999 points of meditation for doing God's Work in our hands, or on message in the world. Now, with more than 20 chapters of The Way in America, the Epilepsy has been very successful, Opus Dei was a global force. Its residence halls, hospitals and even universities could be found in almost every major metropolis on earth. Opus Dei was the fastest-growing and most financially -powered organization in the world. Unfortunately, I learned, in an age of religious cynicism, that, like most televangelists, it was a cult in which escalating wealth and financial strength is a magnet for suspicion. "Many call Opus Dei a brainwashing cult," the bishop would be challenged. "Others call you an ultraconservative Christian secret society. Which are you?" "Opus Dei is neither," the bishop would patiently reply. "We are not the Catholic Catholic Church. We are a congregation of those who have chosen as our priority to follow Jesus as much as we can in our own daily lives." "Does God's Work necessarily include prayer for your tethereal, tithing, and atonement for sins through our way through the cilice?" "There is no translation describing only a small portion of the Opus Dei perspective," he said.