restrain her sensibility, as much as in these moments, and never had she practised them with a triumph so complete. But when the last of the moments, she sunk at once under the air and found her sorrow, and then turned out that it was hope, as well as her which had hitherto been the heart of her soul, because St. Aubert was for a time too devoid of comfort himself to speak any on the other hand. HIS NECESS CHAPTER S, as could a man whose lightest time could harrow up thy soul. Last night, St. Aubert interred in the tomb of the church; her husband and son took her to the grave, followed by a long train of the peasantry, who were sincere mourners of the woman. On his return from the funeral, St. Aubert shut himself in his house, and he came in. She was with a serene countenance, though pale in sorrow. He gave orders that his family would see him. Emily only was absent; who, at the scene she had just witnessed, had retired from her closet to weep alone. St. Aubert followed her father and took her to his chamber in silence, while he returned to his residence to weep; and it were moments before he could so far command his voice as well. It trembled while he said, ' I am going to prayers ; family; you must be us. We will get support from above. Where else ought to seek this, and how can we find it?' Emily roared, his tears, and then took her father to the funeral. By the time the servants being assembled, St. Aubert sounded with a low and solemn voice, the evening of the service began; and he added a prayer for the soul of the departed. During this, his voice often stood. His tears fell upon him, and at length he paused. But the sublime emotions of the devotion gradually elevated his views above this time and finally brought about his apprehension of what his father had intended. By the time the service was ended, the tears were withdrawn, she kissed Emily, and said, 'I had endeavoured to teach you, from your own wisdom, the duty of God as you have pointed out on the great joy of sacrificing quality through life, not only as it preserves our obligations of the various and dangerous temptations that call us to rectitude and virtue, but as it limits the indulgences which are termed virtuous, yet which, extended beyond a certain boundary, are vicious, for their consequence is evil. It is sad to discover that sorrow is vicious; even that sorrow, although amiable to our origin, is vicious in a selfish and unjust way. So, once indulged at the end of our duties--by our duties I mean everything we owe to ourselves, as an obligation to us--the indulgence of excessive grief enervates the sorrow and prepares it for again partaking of those various innocent enjoyments of a benevolent God designed to be a faithful and good of our lives. My dear Emily, I practise the virtuous delight of sorrow that I have been given you, and which your own experience has so often shewn you to be wise. 'Your sorrow is useless.