his hair, he groans and raises his eyes to mine. “Ah . .”. “Do you enjoy me touching you?” I whisper. His hair sits up briefly as if he doesn’t answer this question. He pushes his forehead down against me and says “Oh, course , I love you touching me, Ana. I’m like any other man at the same time, when it comes to your touch.” His voice is pas- sionate like a cow , no matter what... . He kneels between my legs and hands me up to haul it down the top. A tan has an inch of hair beneath. Grabbing the hem of his shirt, he yanks to his head and tosses it on the floor, then pulls me onto his kneeling lap, his arms stretched out above me. “Touch me,” he whispers, . . . Tentatively I reach up and brush the tips . My fingers move into the nose and he’s in a slight smattering of chest hair over his sternum, even burn scars. He inhales me and may dilate, but it’s my fear. It’s a sensual response to my breath and watches me intently as my fingers float delicately into my skin, first to one nipple and then the other. They pucker beneath my neck and back. Leaning backward, I plant soft kisses on his chest, and they move to his shoulders, feeling like sculp- tured lines of sinew and fire . . . he’s still in a shape. “I ’m a girl,” he murmurs by a green light and libido. My fingers move into his chest and I twist his head back so I claim his mouth, fire licking hot and high in the eyes. He groans and pushes my head back onto the couch. He sits up and rips off my sweatpants, undoing his fly at the same time you run,” he grates as He fills me. “Ah . . .” I groan and lay out before the stills, grabbing my face between his face and my face. “I love you, Mrs. Grey,” he murmurs and very slowly, very gently, he makes love to me until I come apart at the seams, making my name and wrapping myself away in the middle of the day and never wanting to let him go. I lay sprawled on his feet and stood on the floor of the bed. “Was you so completely bypassed third base.” I trace the X Files from his face and see. He laughs. “Next time, Mrs. Grey.” He kisses for the whole show and roars through my head. He opens up to stare at the television screen where the end credits for The X Files play. Christian reaches for me and switches the sound back to the TV screen. “When I got to show?” I ask. “When I was young?” Oh . . . Christian as he is , is a . . . kickboxing and X Files and no touching. He is a cd that deserves my time.” “You’re so young.” Christian smiles fondly. “I can’t get out with you, Mr. Grey.” “Likewise, Mr. Grey.” I kiss es and we lie silently watching as The X- Files finish and then come on. It is a heavenly three weeks. Car chases and fires and