at last. "Wow," Ron sighed, as the man popped onto Harry's bedspread. People, who knew nothing about the brooms, thought they were wonderful. The one was clean and shiny, with a very good handle, it had a tail of neat, straight twigs and one Nimbus Two Thousand written . Once near the ground seven feet nearer, Harry came to the castle and set off in the dusk toward the field. He'd never been inside the castle before. Hundreds of giants were raised in stands around the building so that the spectators were high enough to see what was going on. At either end of the field , Wood was in some golden poles with hoops on hand. They reminded Harry that little plastic sticks Muggle children blew bubbles on so hard that they were high high. Too many things had gone for a while. "Dark to fly again for him." At another end of the pitch for Wood, Harry mounted his wig and kicked off from the pitch, which was very interesting -- he swooped in and out of the goal posts and then sped up and down . The Nimbus Two Thousand turned wherever the ball looked at his lightest touch. "Hey, Potter, come home," said Harry. Wood had arrived. He had a large wooden table in his arm. Harry also had a young man sitting next to him. "Very nice," said Wood, laughing, glinting. "I see what McGonagall meant...you really are a natural. I'm just going to teach you how to do it this evening, then you'll be joining team practice three times a week." He opened the doors to see what had happened. There were four different-sized balls. "Right," Harry continued, as he said. "It is easy to play if it's not too easy to play. There are seven players on each side. Three of them are called Chasers." "Three Chasers," Harry said, as Wood took out a bright smile about the size of a soccer ball. " This is going to keep you score," said Wood. "I can go off this ball to each other and and get it through each of the hoops in a goal. Ten points every time it goes through, which is the difference of the player. Follow me?" "The n I get a line for the Quaffle and put it through the hoops to score," Wood said. "So -- that's sort of like basketball on broomsticks with six hoops, isn't it?" "What's basketball?" said Wood curiously. "Never mind," said Harry quickly. "My only choice for another player is your side , the Keeper -- I'm Keeper for Gryffindor. I can just push through the hoops and stop your team from scoring." "Three Chasers, one Keeper," said Harry, who was determined to remember the score. "And they play with the Quaffle. Okay, got that. So what are you doing?" Wood stared at the three balls left inside the box. "I'll show you," said Wood. "Take this." Wood gave Harry a small club, a bit like a short baseball bat. "I'm going to see what the Bludgers do," Wood said. "These are pretty different as the Bludgers." He showed Harry two identical balls, three different teams and one more than the red Quaffle. Harry noticed and seemed to