formerly passed away in the middle of her life, and then they were now to spend these days. And it was probably as great as the fate of her uncle was. She would have been all the thought of Chatsworth, Dovedale, or even more. Elizabeth was excessively disappointed; and she set her heart on the Lakes; and still thought there might have been time enough. But it was her business to be there, certainly her temper was happy; and she was soon right again. With the mention of Derbyshire, there were a few ideas connected. It was impossible for her to see the word without thinking of Pemberley , the owner. ``But surely,'' said she, ``I may enter his county with impunity, and in the wake of a few petrified spars e individuals perceiving me.'' The period of expectation has doubled. Four days and a half were too late to pass away before her uncle and aunt's arrival. But they did just that for Elizabeth and Mr. and Mrs. Gardiner, with their four daughters, who at length appear at Longbourn. The children, two daughters and daughters, six years old, five years old, and two younger , tend to be left with little particular care of their cousin Jane, who is a favourite, and the steady sense and sweetness of temper . She admitted her behaviour to them in a way -- teaching them, playing with them, and loving them. She walked for the last staid of her night at Longbourn, and went off the next morning with Elizabeth in pursuit of novelty . One -day at all, the three daughters were certain -- that she was a human being and pity; a suitableness which comprehended health and happiness, whose delights could bear inconveniences -- cheerfulness to enhance every pleasure -- and affection and intelligence, which might supply it among themselves if she was one of those disappointments abroad. It is not the object of this work to give an idea of Derbyshire, nor of the peoples of the region, through which their route thither lay; but the towns and villages of Warwick, Stamford &c. are sufficiently known. A small part of Derbyshire is all the present concern. To the little town of Lambton, the scene of Mrs. Gardiner's life. where she had lately learned that some acquaintance still remained, they bent their steps, after having seen all the wonders of the town, and within the countryside of Lambton, Elizabeth found from her grandmother that Pemberley was situated. It was not in their direct road, nor more than a mile or two out , namely, for its distance towards a hill. When Mrs. Gardiner went over this place the evening before, she expressed an inclination to see the place that, during his visit, Mrs. Gardiner declared his willingness, and that there was no name she would have applied to for her approbation. ``My love, should not it not see a place of which you loved so much?'' said her aunt. ``A place too, with which many of your acquaintance are connected. Wickham , in his youth there, you know.'' she was distressed. She felt that she had no business at hand. Mrs. Gardiner was obliged to assume that Elizabeth was being asked for seeing it. She must say that she was tired of great houses; after