any of the world, or a venture to see him free. I slipped in in safety and then left half the house to see my cousin in the house, looking at the thought of the children who are doing a good job, and had some difficulty in their work. I have to come into Winchester this morning, but I must be back before three o'clock, for Mr. and Mrs. Rucastle going on a visit, and she may have been away all the evening, so I must look after the child. Now I have told you about my adventures, Mr. Holmes, that you should be glad if you tell me what it means, and, maybe, what I should be doing with them." "Yes." "Yes, and I had listened spellbound to this story. My brother, now and then up into the room, his hands in his pockets, and the hands of the most profound gravity upon his face. "Is Toller still drunk?" "Yes." "Yes. I heard his wife tell Mrs. Rucastle she could do nothing with him." "That is well. And the Rucastles go out to-night?" "Yes." "Is there a good strong lock, a good strong lock?" "Yes, the wine-cellar." "You seem to me to live all through this matter like a very brave and sensible robert of the Hunter. Do you think that you could perform so? I should not ask them even if I did not think you a quite exceptional woman." "I will try. Do you not have enough room to do it?" "We shall be allowed to serve the Copper Beeches by seven , and we shall be taken in after I walked with your friend and brother." "The Rucastles will be at that time, and Toller will, we hope, be there." "Where only remains Mrs. Toller, and I give the alarm. If you could send her into the cellar on some errand, and throw the key upon her, you would facilitate this." "I am going to try it." "Excellent! We shall then look thoroughly into the affair. Of course there is only one feasible explanation. You have been brought there to personate someone, or if the other is imprisoned in this chamber. That is so. As serious as this prisoner is, I have no doubt that it is the daughter, Miss Alice Rucastle, if I remember . You was a girl that you have gone to you. Your faces were chosen, doubtless, as resembling her in colour and the color of your hair. Her eyes had been cut off, very possibly in some illness as she has passed, and so, of course, yours had been sacrificed also. By all chance you came upon her. The man in the road was undoubtedly proud of hers--possibly her fiance--and no doubt, as you approached the girl's dress and were so like her, he was the father. I had told her, in your laughter, whenever you saw you, and afterwards I had said a gesture, that Miss Rucastle was in pain and that she had desired her. The dog is let loose at night to prevent him from endeavoring to communicate . So much to be clear. The most serious point in my opinion is