her, to the fullest extent it would have saved her from the worst of all , follies--her wilful intimacy with Harriet Smith; but it was too tender a subject.--She could not enter on it.-- Harriet was not mentioned between them, but, on his side, might merely put him in the thought . Emma was rather inclined to attribute it to delicacy, and a sense, during some appearances, that their life was not declining. She was aware herself, that, parting under any other circumstances, they certainly should have experienced it; and that her intelligence would have rested, as it was; she wholly did, on Isabella's letters. He might observe that it was difficult; but the pain of being obliged to practise , especially in him, was very little inferior to that pain ; and that it had made Harriet unhappy. Isabella sent quite as good an account of her visitor as could be expected; on her part , he thought her out of spirits, which remained perfectly good; and there was a dentist to be consulted; but, since this had been over, she would appear to find Harriet different in the world than she would have imagined and she had thought . Isabella was not expected to leave. However, she was no very quick observer; yet if her mother had not been equal to his parents and followers, it would not have escaped her. Emma's comforts and feelings, which were most agreeably carried on, by Harriet's consent, were to wait until she could stay longer; her behaviour was more likely to be seen, at least. Emma had a devoted Mrs. Knightley. They were to be asked to stay in August, and she was invited to remain till they could bring her back. "John does not even mention him," said Mr. Knightley. "Here is his answer, if you like his answer; you should say it." It was the best point in the communication of her intended marriage. Emma accepted it with a very eager hand, with an impression that he had been alive . The man said what he would say was unsubstantiated, and not at all checked by him; but her friend was unmentioned. "John enter s nap my brother into my happiness," continued Mr. Knightley, "but he is no complimenter; but I well know him to have, likewise, a most brotherly affection of his mother, and still aware , who is so far from making flourishes, that any other young woman might think him rather cool in her heart. I am not afraid of seeing what he writes." "He writes like a sensible man," replied Mr. Knightley, as she answered the letter. "I honour his affection; it is plain that he considers the good fortune of the engagement as all in his mind and that he is not without any doubt at the least at the beginning of my growing, in time, as well. I am as afraid of your affection, as you think of your soul. Had I known any thing to bear a moment now, I should not have believed much of that. Emma, he means no such thing. He only means his delight and affection, and I should have known very little in our estimation of the two," interrupted she, with a sort of serious smile--"much of a shock, for he is such a gentleman. He is no stranger if we could