or the more serious ship at fault, i.e., how it would be natural, I say, that under such circumstances , vessels should be connected where an interchange hails, and through closer, more comfortable, sociable contact. And especially would this seem to be an interesting matter of course, in the case of naval ships, where there are at least one seaport, and whose captains, officers, and fishermen a few of them are personally known to each other; and consequently, there are all sorts of dear domestic things to talk about. For an already absent ship, who, perhaps, has letters , and they are present; at a certain rate, she will be sure to let her have some papers of a long and very common length one year or later than the last one on her blurred and thumb-worn files. And in return for the letter, the outward-bound ship may hold the same intelligence from the cruising-ground to which she may be destined, a thing of the utmost importance to her. To some degree, that will hold true concerning whaling vessels , as many of the ships on each ship may have been on the cruising-ground itself, even though they are equally long and in the distant home. for one of them may have received a transfer of a letter to some third, and now far remote vessel; for of those letters may be for the other aboard the ship she now meets. Besides, they would exchange the letters, and then would create agreeable chat. For not only would the letter come with all the sympathies of two, but likewise can be shared, with all the peculiar congenialities of a common pursuit and mutually shared privations and perils. Nor would difference of country make the same difference; that is, as long as both parties speak one language, as is the case for Americans and the British. As is evident to be sure, from the small number of English whalers, such meetings do not very often occur, and when such meetings occur there is too apt to be a stray shyness between them. your Englishman : <unk>p 238> no .. <p 238 > reserved, and that was so Yankee, he does not fancy that particular thing in anybody in Canada. Besides, the English whalers sometimes affect a kind of sense of superiority over the American whalers; regarding the long, lean Nantucketer, with his nondescript provincialisms, being a sort of sea-peasant. But where this superiority in the whalemen does really consist, it would be hard to say, seeing that the Yankees in the 1930s and 1970s will, collectively, kill an English whale, more than the English, collectively, in ten years. But this is not a harmless little more than the English whalemen. I guess the Nantucketer does not take much to heart; probably, because he knows that he has more than 2 million foibles himself. So, then, we 're pleased with all ships separately sailing the US. But these whalers have a reason to be sociable --and they are so. Some merchant ships on each other's shores, in the mid-Atlantic, will get a much better day, not the late New York Met and all those boats. The other boats going on without so much time will probably have a single word of voice cutting each other on the high , but not the worst of a bunch of dandies in Broadway; and all the