. It was on the margin of a rivulet that descended from the Pyrenees, and, of course, among their deep, its silent peaks, pointing into the shades it reflected. The woods, that screened this glen, rose the lofty summits of the Pyrenees, which often burst boldly on its incline, descending through the glades , from the sky . A white symphony was seen, crowned with wild and a shepherd's cabin on a hillside by dark cypress, or waving ash. Emerging from the shattered side of the hill, the distance from the winding river, to the distant hills, between rich pastures and vine-covered slopes of Gascony gradually declined to be seen, and there, on the winding river, they made an eerie journey. Through the Garonne, groves, and hamlets, and villas--their outlines softened by a light reflection, extending from the sky, into one rich shadow. This, too, was his final voyage of St. Paul, in which he frequently withdrew from the fervour of noon, with his second daughter, and his third child, she came at the end of an hour to welcome the silent dusk, or go for the music of his nightingale. Sometimes, Emily brought music of his own, and awakened every fairy echo with the tender accents of his own. They often have the beauty of being Emily's voice drawn sweetness from the waves, over which they trembled. It was in each of these excursions to the village that she observed the following lines written with a pencil on a part of the wainscot: SONNET Go, pencil! faithful ly drawn from master's sighs! Go--tell the story of the fairy scene, while her light steps wind these wood-walks green, Whence all his tears, his tender sorrows, rise; Ah! paint her form, her soul-illumin'd eyes, The light'ning of her life. The light'ning was a beautiful animated grace-- The portrait of the lover's voice . The sound of his eyes feel, his tongue , the fragrance of his own! Yet ah! not all his heart must go! How oft the flow'ret's can conceal The drug that steals the vital spark away! The one that gazes on it, Would fear its charm, or think it could beguile! These lines were not to any person; she could not see herself, though she was undoubtedly the nymph of these lines. He glanced inside the little circle of her acquaintance without being detained by a suspicion as to which mystery could be buried. She was compelled to rest in uncertainty; however, the mystery of a woman which would have been more painful to an idle mind than it was to hers. She had no leisure ly understood this circumstance, trifling at the time to say so much importance to remembrance. The little vanity which was so excited (for the incertitude which forbade d her to dwell upon the power of an unconscious mind that forbade d her to disbelieve it) passed away, and the incident was dismissed from her thoughts amid her books, her studies, and the exercise of social charities. Soon after this period, her anxiety was awakened by the indisposition of a woman who was attacked with a