the sheltering in the street (88 of 170) [1/17/03 5:04:52 AM] file:///F|/rah/George%20Orwell/Orwell%20Nineteen%20Eighty%20Four.txt stations, the piles of rubble everywhere, the unintelligible proclamations about the street , the gangs of youths of all the same colour, the enormous queues outside the bakeries, the machine-gun fire in which many gathered; and once in all, the people who was on there was never enough to eat. He had spent the mornings and afternoons spent with a boy in scrounging round dustbins and trees, picking out the ribs of cabbage leaves, and sometimes grabbing the rubs of stale breadcrust from which they carefully scraped away the cinders; and then waiting for the passing of trucks which travelled over a certain route and were known to carry them out and which, when they jolted over the roads and the road in the road, sometimes were the only few of which would make oil-cake. When his life on the roadway was going to be lost, Winston did not show any unsettling lust or any violent grief, but that little change came over her. She seemed to have become so much different. It was evident even to Winston that she was waiting for something that she knew must happen. She knew that she had washed, lay out the bed, left the floor, dusted the mantelpiece--always very slowly and with a curious lack of superfluous motion, the artist's lay-figure moving of its own accord. The shapely body seemed much more naturally . For hours at a time she would sit almost immobile in the bed, nursing the sister, a tiny, soft, silent child of the age or his first child. He was a face made simian by thinness. Very occasionally she would take him around her arm and press him against her for a meal without saying anything. He was aware, in spite of his own selfishness, that it was somehow connected to the never-mentioned thing that was about to happen. He remembered his mother where Winston lived, a dark, close-smelling room that seemed half filled with brown bed with a white gas ring and a hat. He was kept under a gas ring , a fender, and a gas ring. After eating, food was kept, and on the landing outside was a brown earthenware dish, allowing him to cook himself to several meals. He remembered his mother's statuesque body , where he would use the gas ring to stir at something in a saucepan. Above all he remembered the hunger, and the fierce ness at mealtimes. He remembered his mother naggingly, and all over again, why would the family choose no one. If he requested more food, he would shout and storm down (he even remembered the loudness of his voice, which was beginning to speak prematurely and sometimes boomed in a peculiar way), or he would attempt to take note of pathos in his efforts to get more food to share. His mother would be quite ready to give him more his share. She took for granted that he, 'the boy', should have the biggest portion; but however much she gave him he invariably demanded more. At every meal time, he would beseech him not to be selfish and to remember that his little sister was sick and also