two over for sure, and never bother. Life is something that's worth living with, except they will look over the future as well as the present. When things are at work , something always happens." Soon Philip grew in the habit of going to tea with her every day, and so that his visits might not embarrass her he could take a cake or a cup of butter or some tea. They started to call her by their Christian names. Feminine in new to him, Philip was delighted in someone who gave her an ear to all his troubles. The hours went by and she did not speak enough at his friend who did not believe her. She was her companion. He could not help comparing her with Mildred; and he went on to come up with the one's obstinate stupidity, which refused interest to everything she did not know, the other's quick smile and ready intelligence. His heart sank when he thought that he had been tied up to such a woman as Mildred. One evening Philip would find Norah the man of his love. He was not one to make up a spot for self-esteem, and it was very pleasant to receive such charming sympathy. "I think you're well out of it," Philip sighed when he had a smug joke. He did a funny job in times of pain. It was on one side like an Aberdeen puppy. She was sitting in an apartment and her mother was sewing, for she had time to watch him, and she made himself a better friend than ever before of her . "I can't tell you how heartily thankful I am it's all over," he sighed. "Poor thing, you must have had a rotten time," he said. It was a bit tricky, and a moment of showing her sympathy was also like the hand on his face. He took it and kissed it, but she withdrew it. "Why have you made yourself aware of that?" she asked, with a blush. "Have you any objection?" She looked at her for a moment with twinkling eyes, and she smiled. "No," she said. He got up on his knees and was quite stiff. She opened his eyes steadily, and her large mouth trembled with a smile. "Well?" she said. "Yes, you are nice, but I'm so grateful to you for being nice to me. I like you so much." "Don't be idiotic," she said. Philip hit his tongue with a pair of thumbs and drew his hand away from him. She pulled back , but bent his head. He looked a little, but suddenly kissed her . "Why did you do that?" she said. "Because it's comfortable." She did not answer, but a tender grin rushed into her eyes, and she passed her hand softly over his face. "You know, it's awfully silly of you to do this. We were so busy doing this. I'm one of my best friends. It 's so jolly to leave it at that." "If you really want to appeal to my parents," she replied Philip, "you'll do well not to stroke my cheek while doing it." She did not make a little chuckle, but she did not stop. "It's very good for me,