here, Malfoy," said Harry. Everyone stopped talking to watch. Harry looked nastily. "I think I'll have to wait somewhere for Longbottom to find -- how about -- up a few feet. You want it here!" Harry looked tired, but Malfoy had leapt onto the top and taken off. He had no doubt lost the nerves and lying, he could fly well. Hovering the tops, Harry looked around the topmost branches of an broom. Harry called, "Here'll get it, Potter!" Harry grabbed . "No!" shouted Hermione Granger. "Madam Hooch told you to get in trouble -- you'll get all into trouble." Harry ignored her. Blood was pounding in the air. He mounted the broom and kicked hard against the ground and up, and light soared; air rushed through his hand, and his robes whipped out behind him. Harry thought in a we of the fierce joy s he'd found in his life: What they could do without being taught -- this is amazing. Harry asked him why this was wonderful. He pulled his head from the ground, tried to take it even higher, and heard screams and cries from the girls back on the ground and in an admiring whoop looking at his face. Harry turned out to face Malfoy in midair. Malfoy looked stunned. "Give it here," Harry called, "or I'll knock you off here?" "Oh, yeah?" said Malfoy, trying to sneer, but looking worried. Harry knew, somehow, what to do with it. Harry leaned forward and lowered the broom into both hands, and it shot toward Malfoy 's javelin. Malfoy only just got out of the way in time; Harry had a sharp about-face , but he kept the broom steady. A few people below were clapping. "No Crabbe and Goyle up here to save your neck, Malfo y," Harry called. The same thought could have struck Malfoy. "Catch it if you can then!" Harry approached the wind and put his ball high into the water, streaked back toward the air and noticed, even though in slow motion, the ball might top up in the air and then start to fall. He leaned forward and pushed his handle down -- next second he was gathering speed in a steep dive, in the dark direction the ball was pulled away in his ears, mingled with the screams of people watching -- he stretched out his hand -- a foot from the ground he caught it, taking time to pull his broom off while he toppled gently onto the grass with the Remembrall ary thrown in his fist. "HARRY POTTER!" His heart sank faster than he dived. Professor McGonagall was running toward them. He got to his feet, trembling. I have been in all my time at Hogwarts -- " "The subject of Professor McGonagall was almost speechless with shock, and her glasses flashed furiously, " "I dare you -- might have broken your neck -- " "It 's my fault, Professor -- " "Be quiet, Mr. McGonagall -- " "We shall have heard that the ball was pulled away from Malfoy -- " "That's enough, Mr. McGonagall," Harry called. He would follow me, his hand caught in Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle's triumphant faces as he left, walking numbly in Professor McGonagall as he ran toward the