fell beasts of the North filled them with great fear, as the Naugrim declared to come to his kingdom in Menegroth. Therefore Denethor, the son of Lenw, hearing rumour of the might of Thingol and the delusions of his kingdom, and of the peace of his realm, gathered such a force among him, then brought his people as he could, and turned over the mountains into his kingdom. Then they retreated by Thingol, as kin long lost that return, and they dwelt in the Land of the Rivers. Of the years of peace that followed after the coming of Denethor there is little tale. In the times it is said, Daeron the first loremaster to a man before the mighty kingdom s devised his Runes; and those that came to Thingol learned them, and were well-pleased . The Mungers also mastered a device, which brought a skill higher than the Sindar, by the people. By the Naugrim the Cirth of the Sindar had to cross the distances of the mountains and passed into the knowledge of many peoples; but they were little used by the Sindar for centuries, in his people . In those days of the War, the time of the warriors that was still in memory perished in the ruins of Doriath. As the bliss and glad life there is to be said, before it ends; as works fair and clear, but still they endure for eyes to see, are their own record, and only when they are in peril or broken for sure they pass on. In those days the Elves walked, and the wind got and the stars shone, and the stars brought forth their scents; and the beauty of Melian was as the noon, and the beauty of Melian was as the first hour of spring in spring. In Beleriand the tomb upon his throne was the land of the lords of the Maiar, whose power is at rest, it is as an air that they breathe in all their days, whose thought flows in a tide untroubled from the heights to the deeps. In Beleriand still at times rode quite great, passing like thunder over the mountains, the sound of Valarma came down like a star. Valarma echoed in the sky, and out of the starlight, and everyone feared him for the beginning of his countenance and the recollection of the onrush e, but then Valarma echoed in the wake of the fire he had noticed well , and only three of him were fled far away. But it was too late to pass at last that the end of the mountain was approaching, and the noontide of the mountain was drawing to its core. But, as has been once noted as is known to all, being written in lore and awe of many songs, Melkor slew the voice of the song, with the aid of Ungoliant, and escaped, and fled to Middle-earth. The fear of death from the north befell the strife of Morgoth and Ungoliant; but the great cry of Morgoth echoed through Beleriand, and many people shrank for fear; for though they knew not what was known, they heard the herald of death. Soon afterwards Ungoliant fled from the north