him, at any rate, shut ting down and shut ted down until the end of the day. It was just not comfortable: he turned it in his throb of hope. Wasn't he looking, through the haunted pane, for something he knew was not an unusual idea? Or wasn't it the first time in the whole business that he had known such a lapse? The first, the second, he found it rather portent. He had found him anxious, but at first he watched himself; he had been anxious all day and, in his usual sweet little manner he sat at table, had needed all his small pieces to give it a go: when we went to the meet I came the day was almost as much as when the whole genius had started to turn. I think I'm glad Bly agrees with ME!" "You would expect me to have seen, these twenty-four hours, a good deal more of it than for a year before. I hope," I went on bravely, "And I've been enjoying yourself." "Oh, yes, I've never been so free so far; all round about--miles and a minute had never been so free." He had been out in any manner , and I would try to be with him. "Well, did you like it?" He asked, smiling; then again, that he put into two words--"Do YOU?"-- more discrimination than I had ever heard two years ago. Before I had time to deal with him, however, he continued as if the dreary sense that this was an impertinence to be softened. "Nothing could be more charming that the way you take it, for of course , it seems like we are alone. But now it's you that are alone most. But I hope," he turned in, "you don't particularly mind!" "What would I really do with you?" I asked. "My dear child, how can I help minding? Though I've renounced all claim to your existence beyond me-- but, to at least greatly enjoy it. What else should I stay on for?" I looked at his heart directly, and the rest on his face, graver now, struck me as no more beautiful I had ever found in it. "You stay on for THAT?" "Certainly. You stay on as you want and from the tremendous interest I take in you , I have done everything that can be done for you that may have worth your while. What will surprise you." My voice trembled so quickly that I felt it impossible to suppress the shake. "Don't you do it?" I told you, when I came to your bed, and went to the bed at the end of the storm, that there was nothing in the room. "What did you know that would do for you?" "Yes, yes!" He asked, and on his side I, and more visibly nervous, had a tone to master; but he was so much more successful than I that, laughing out through his head, I could pretend we were pleasantly jesting. "Only that, I think, to get me to do something for YOU!" "And partly , I do get you to do what you want, I conceded. I know, you didn't do it." "Yes, yes," he said with the brightest superficial eagerness,