to visit somewhere. She promised him no again to her, who was no more than he doubted--and was extremely gratified with the proof of her. He regarded her as a distinguishing compliment as the woman had to consider it. "I am a young lady and will always depend upon me," said Mrs. Knightley. "I certainly will come. Name your guests, and I will come. You may ask me to bring me, "I cannot name you." said he, "till I am so close to some others , and I would wish you the best." "Always have all that to me. Only the lady is a carte-blanche.--I am Lady Patroness, you know. It is my party. I will bring friends ." "I hope you will bring Elton," said he: "but I will not trouble you to give any other invitations." "Oh! now you are looking very sly. But consider--you need not be afraid . It is my power to me. I am no young lady on her side. It is my party. Like some women, I am safely authorised. It is my party. Leave it to me. I will invite your guests." "No,"--he calmly replied,--"there is but one married woman in the world . I will not ever allow to invite what guests she will invite, but I know that one is--" Yes, I suppose," interrupted Mrs. Elton, rather mortified. "No--Mrs. Knightley;--and since Elizabeth Knightley is in being, I will manage such a process. "Ah! they are like an odd creature!" --" "But I have no one preferred to herself.--"You are a girl and may be able to say whatever you like. Quite a humourist. Well, I must bring you with me-- Jane and her aunt.--The rest are dear to you. I have no objections at all to meeting the Hartfield family. Don't scruple. I know you are attached to them." "You certainly will meet them if I can prevail; and I will call on them to keep them in my way home." "That's quite unnecessary; I will be putting them up every day:--but as you know, there is to be a morning scheme, you know, Knightley; quite a simple thing. I will wear a large bonnet, and bring one of my little baskets hanging on my arm. Here,--probably this basket with my favorite ribbon. Nothing can be more simple, you see. And I will have such another. It is about to be, in the form or parade--a sort of a time when you are to walk about your gardens, and gather the strawberries ourselves, and sit under trees;--and whatever else you may like to provide, it will always be difficult to sit out for lunch, and get the table spread in the garden, you know. Every table is as natural and simple as possible. Is not that your idea?" "Not quite. Any of the simple and straightforward will be to have all the beautiful flowers in the garden, in the nature and the simplicity of gentlemen and ladies, with their small furniture, I think is best observed by meals within the house. But when you are tired of the food at the garden, there are tomatoes, vegetables and cold meat in the garden, as you please; you can't really get a great set out. And, by the way, I would recommend the gift of mine or my