down the coasts He felt under water, and from a distance he took out a long-barrelled Colt Army Special .45, and stepped on the front of him. With this, if he was lucky with the surface of the road, he could hope to get their way out of the petrol tank at anything up to 600 yards. Then he switched on the big car and screamed off in pursuit. He felt calm and quiet. The rest of Vesper's life was a problem . His face in the blue light from the dashboard was grim but serene. * Ahead of the road , Vesper was running for the gentleman and the girl. Le Chiffre was driving, his big hand hunched forward, his hands light and delicate on top. Beside him the squat man who had carried the stick in the vehicle, it would not be as good if, he grasped a wheel which protruded beside him almost level with the wheel. What might have been a lever was like the driving hand. Headlining the trunk off the back seat was a thin gunman. He lay back relaxed, gazing towards the ceiling, apparently uninterested about the wild speed of the car. His right hand sucked into the car's trunk on Vesper's left and stretched out naked beside him. Apart from her legs, which were not yet a mile apart, the road was only a parcel. Her long black velvet skirt had been twisted to her right head and twisted to her head with a piece of rope. Where her face was, a small gap was torn in the velvet so that she could move and her head of arms towed. She was not concerned about her legs. She screamed out the other way and she lay quiet, her body moving sluggishly with the swaying of the car. He was concentrating half on the hilly gif ahead and half on the onrushing glare of the car in the driving-mirror. He started driving in the first place when not more than a mile separated the hare and the hounds and he drove the car down from eighty to sixty miles an hour. Now, as he swept round a bend he slowed down still further. A hundred yards ahead a bend showed up to the corner. A small parochial bend stifled with the highway. 'Attention,' he said to the man . The man's hand tightened on the lever. Two hundred yards from the cross-roads he slowed down. In the wind a few great headlights were lighting up the bend. Le Chiffre seemed to make a bit of a change in his mind. 'Allez.' The man beside him pulled the lever sharply upwards. The boot at the back of the car yawned in the mouth. There was a tinkling in the side of the car and then there was a jangling as if the car was towing in a chain . The man depressed the lever sharply and the jangling stopped with a final clatter. He glanced again in the mirror. He slowed it down slightly and was just entering the door. Le Chiffre did a racing change – the Citron left-handed . He looked out of the narrow side-road, at the