yield to it. Resist it, and your soul grows sick with all the things it has forbidden , with desire for what its monstrous laws do, and it is monstrous and unlawful. It has been said that the great events of the world take place in the brain. It is in the brain, and the brain only, that the great sins of the world take place also. You, Mr. Gray, you yourself, with your rose-red youth and your rose-white boyhood, you have had passions that make you afraid, thoughts that have filled you with terror, day-dreams and sleeping dreams whose mere memory might not be present. To my cheek with my murmured Dorian Gray, "stop! You look for me. What to say is what to say. There is some answer to you, but I do want to do it. Let me just think. Let me think, or, rather, to try not to think." For nearly ten minutes he stood down with parted lips, and eyes strangely bright. He thought that music had hurt him. He was conscious that entirely nothing of those words were at work within him, and they seemed to him as a way to tell him from himself. The few words that a friend had said to him--the ones I heard by chance, no doubt, , and the one wilful paradox in them--had brought some kind of mystery that had never happened before, but that he felt a bit of vibrating and throbbing in his pulses. Music had stirred him like that. Music had troubled him . But music was not articulate. It was not a new world, but rather a new chaos, that it created in us. Words! Mere words! How terrible they were! <unk> and what? Not too much... I could be surprised by all of those things I heard from them. They seemed to describe what kind of magic there was in them. They seemed to have nothing to say and nothing to say to them in a plastic form to make them and for a music of their own as sweet as that of viol or of lute. Mere words! Was there anything to say about them as words? Yes ; there had been things in his life he had not understood. He may have learned them now. Life suddenly became fiery-colored to him. It seemed to him that he had fallen in fire. Why had he ever experienced it? He watched him, with his sad smile. He wondered at the precise psychological moment when to say nothing. He felt intensely interested. He wondered at the sudden when a death had taken place. He had also written a book that he had read when he was sixteen, which had revealed to him much that he had not known . But, he wondered whether someone was passing through the same darkness, but in fact had merely shot an angel into the world. How much had he hit the mark? How fascinating the lad was! Hallward painted away with that marvellous man of his, that had the true refinement and perfect delicacy that come only from strength. He looked down on the end of the silence. "Basil, I am tired of it," cried Dorian Gray, suddenly. "I must go out to watch it in the garden. The air is stifling