ancient structure, built of heavy stones, and has not been used for a large number of years. The gates are of heavy old oak and iron, and it's a tiny tower with rust. "The estate is called Carfax, but , on the top of the old Quatre -Al-Fleege, the house is four sided, agreeing with the view of the compass. It is on all some twenty meters high up and surrounded by a massive stone stone, the latter mentioned. There are many trees on it, which are sanding in such a large size, and this appears to be a beautiful pond, and a dark-looking pond or small lake, evidently with a low wind as the water flows and flows away in a very shallow lake. The house is very tall of all periods back, I should have said in my own mediaeval times, for one part . It is stone immensely thick, with a few windows high up and heavily barred with iron. It is a part of a keep, and is close to an old chapel or church. I had not enter the space, and I had not the key of the garden to enter it from the house, but I have taken with my Kodak views of it from various points. The walls have been added into the space in a very straggling way, and I can only guess at the only ground it covers, to be very great. There are many but few houses close to it, with the first one being a very large house only recently added to and formed into a permanent asylum. The ceiling, which is not, however, visible from the grounds." When I had finished, he said, "I am glad that it is so big. I am of an old family, and to live in a house in my home has been very pleasant for me. A house cannot be made habitable every day, and I cannot imagine how it would go for up a century. I am convinced that there is a chapel to be built in all times. We Transylvanian nobles prefer to think that the common dead cannot lie amongst the common dead. I seek not gaiety nor mirth, not the void of much sunshine and sparkling waters which please the young and gay. I am still young, and being a victim, through weary years of mourning over the years which is attuned to mirth. Moreover, the walls of my soul are completely broken. My blood are many, and the eyes are cold through the broken battlements and tears. I love the darkness and the darkness, and I am always alone . I felt my thoughts when I heard his words and his look did not make sense in my accord, or the other was that his cast of face made his smile look malignant and saturnine. Presently, with an excuse, my brother was leaving me, asking me to pull my papers together. He was some little time away, and I began to look at some of the books around me. My first impression was that he had an atlas, which then opened at a place in England, as if that map had been used. The surface of it I found in certain places little rings