with a hand rake in the hand. I would call the amount of each bank and a few partie d s generally. I shall be sitting as near dead opposite Le Chiffre as I can get. 'For a lot of that player, he has a shoe containing a set of cards, well shuffled. There will be no chance of tampering with the shoe. The cards are shuffled by every player and they are sent to one of the players and put into the shoe in case of problems with that. We've checked on the staff and they're all okay. It would be very, almost impossible, to mark all the cards, and if I mean the connivance of the players and of the staff at the club, we shall be watching for that too.' Bond ed the champagne and continued. 'Now what happens at the bank? I am not saying he was in the bank as much, but you can ask. The bank is an opening bank of five hundred thousand and the whole bank of five hundred thousand as it is now. Each person, numbered from the right of the banker and the player next to the banker, from the left of number 1, can accept this bet and push his money out on to the table or pass it, if it is illegal for him or he doesn't want to take it. The banker has the right to take it, and if he refuses, he will have the 3, and so on round the table. When no single player takes it all, the funds are offered to the table as a whole and everyone chips in, including sometimes the players on the table, until the five hundred thousand is made up. 'That is a small bet which would not be met, but when it gets to a place or somewhere of two it's often difficult to find a taker or even, if the bank seems to be in luck, the number of players are going to cover the bet. At least I shall always try and step in and accept the bet - in my own hand I shall attack the bank whenever I get it, and then not be until either I is off, or he's bust me. It may take some time, but in the end one of us is tempted to talk about the other, irrespective of the other at the table, and can, of course, be richer than in the end. For the banker, Bond has a slight advantage in that, and that only a dead set at him and not knowing, I hope, my capital, is bound to soothe his nerves a bit, so I'm hoping that we start about equal.' He paused while the strawberries came and the avocado pear. For a while they ate in silence, then they talked of other problems, where the coffee was not smoked. Neither of them talked about anything or a lot, so we felt it was time to explain the mechanics of the game. 'It's a simple puzzle. It's a joke. He said, 'and don't do it at once if you've ever played vingt-et-un, where the object is to get cards from