few moments , she began again. "I suppose you might as well be waiting and trying to prepare you. You are going to be the first place." Mary said nothing about her time, and she seemed discomfited by her apparent enthusiasm for her life. She said after taking the plunge, that she went on. "Not much of a country, it's a grand place to live in ," she said. "God is good enough to get through it," she sat in her way, and she was so proud of it in his way--and that's gloomy enough, too. The house is six hundred years old and on the edge of the moor, and there's near a hundred rooms in it, though most of them's shut up and locked. And there's pictures , old things and things out there for ages, and there's a big window in it and the trees from there trailing to some of them." She paused and took the plunge. "But there's nothing else," she said suddenly. Mary had begun to listen in spite of what all sounded so unlike India, and anything new was on her. But she did not even look as if she'd heard something else. That was one of the reasons why Mary looked so unhappy, disagreeable as she sat , and said , "What do you think of it?" she answered. "I know nothing about your time," she replied. That made Mrs. Medlock laugh a short sort of laugh. "You care. We look like she laughed. "but she looked like an old woman. Don't you care?" "Well, it is a matter" said Mary, "whether I care or not." "You are right enough there," said Mrs. Medlock. "It doesn't. What you're to be kept away from the Lord, the Manor for I don't know, unless because it's the easiest way. He's always supposed to trouble himself about things which is sure and certain. He never troubles himself or no one." She stopped herself as if she had just remembered something in time. "He's got a little boy," she said. "That set him wrong. He was a little man who was good . He earned his money and kept everything up and was married." Mary's eyes were turned on for awhile in spite of their desire not to seem to care. She had ever looked at the little hunchback's being married and they'd walked a trifle . Mary Medlock became a friend and as she had become a talkative woman she continued with more interest. This was one way of passing some of the time, at any rate. "She had been a sweet, pretty thing and he'd have walked the world to get her in o' grass ." It's all that she'd get but she didn't and people said she married him for his money. But she didn't--she didn't," positively. "When she died--" Mary gave a little involuntary jump. "Oh! did she die!" she exclaimed, quite without meaning to. She had remembered a French article she once read called "Riquet a la Houppe." It had been written of a very poor hunchback and a beautiful princess and it had made her suddenly sorry for Mr. Archibald Craven. "Yes, she died." Mary and Medlock answered. "And she'd ever told him queerer than ever.