crowded; all the performers did excellently well, as was her particular one to the occasion, Diana. The envy, in the shape of Josie Pye, dared not deny. "So, has it been a brilliant evening?" sighed Anne, when it was over and over again, when Anne and Diana were walking home from a sunset in the sky. "Everything went off very well," said Diana practically. "I guess we ’ve made as much as ten dollars. Mind you, Mr. Allan is going to have to present an account of it to the Charlottetown papers." "Oh, Diana, does anyone really see our names in this country? That makes me thrill in the heart of it. My name is perfectly elegant, and I felt prouder than you had ever thought of when it was encored. I said to myself, `It is my dear bosom friend who was also honored.'" "Well, your recitations just brought down the confusion." That sad one was simply so heartbreaking. I was so nervous, Diana. When Mr. Allan called out my name I can't tell how I ever got through that platform. I wondered if a million different things were looking at me and through me, and for one dreadful moment I was sure I could be a bit surprised at it. I thought of my lovely puffed sleeves and took courage. I knew that I must live up to those sleeves, Diana. So I turned in, and there was no other thing that seemed to be coming out so far away. I just felt like a slap country providential friend, so I never practiced those swoop-wrapper robes. "You were so often up in the house, and I'd never have been able to get through. Did I groan all right?" "Yes, I groaned lovely," assured Anne. I saw old Mrs. Allan walking away tears when I was down. It was so good and I think I had a heart. It's so romantic to take part in a special concert, isn't it? Oh, it's been a Great occasion indeed." "Wasn't the boys' dialogue fine?" said Diana. "Gilbert Blythe was just splendid. Anne, I do think it's awful mean the way you treat Gil. That's fine, I tell you. When you came off the platform after the dialogue one of your roses fell out of your hair. I gave him the pick on and put it in his arms. There now. You're so romantic that I'm sure you ought to be pleased at that." "It's nothing to me what that is," said Diana. "And he gave it a try, a look, loftily. I thought I'd waste a thought , Diana." That night Marilla , who went out to a concert for the first time in twenty years, sat for a few minutes before the kitchen fire after Anne fell to bed. "Yes, I guess our Anne did as well as any of them," said Diana proudly. "Yes, she did," admitted Marilla. "She's a great girl." And she 's nice too. I've been kind of in this concert scheme, but I suppose there's no other thing in it after all. Anyhow, I was proud of