bearded face. Marvel's face was astonishment. "I'm dashed!" he said. "I beat cock-fighting! Most remarkable!--And there I had a rabbit clean through the water about a mile away! Not a bit of trouble." Marvel scrutinised the apparently empty space keenly. "You 're a 'tee,' eatin' bread ," he asked, with his invisible arm. "You're quite right, and it's not quite assimilated into the way you work," said Mr. Marvel. "Sort of ghostly, though." "Of course, all this isn't so wonderful as you think." "Feetly wonderful , but just my modest wants," said Mr. Thomas Marvel. "Howjer manage it? How the dooce is done?" "It's too long a story. Well," he said. "I tell you, the whole business fair beats me," said Mr. Marvel. "I want to help. What is to happen at present is this: I 'll be there when I have come to you. I had come upon you. I was wandering, mad with rage, naked, impotent. I could have murdered. And I saw you," said Mr. Marvel. Exactly, was this what came up behind you--hesitated--went it? Mr. Marvel's voice was eloquent. "--then stopped. 'Here,' I said, 'is an outcast like this, who is the man for me.' So I turned back a lot . That's an incredible story," said Mr. Marvel. "But I'm still a little skeptical." I ask--How is it? And what you may be doing in the future is--Can you help?-- I want you to help me get clothes--and shelter--and then, with other things. I' ve left them long enough. If you do it, you will--must." "Look here," said Mr. Marvel. "I'm too flabbergasted. Don't knock me about any more. And let me go. I must have taken them a bit. I have just broken my toe. It's all so unreasonable. Only empty sky. Nothing visible for miles except the bosom of Nature. And then comes a voice out of heaven. A voice out of heaven. And then a voice... I will do what you can, and put yourself together," said the voice. "But I want to do the job ! And I will do great things for you." Mr. Marvel blew out his cheeks, and his eyes were round. "I've found a powerful voice," said the voice. "You are the only man, except some of those fools down there, but there is such a powerful voice as an invisible man. You have been my helper. Help me--and I will do great things for you. An invisible man is a true master of power." He stopped for a moment , laughing violently. "But if you betray me," he said, "if you fail to do that. I will direct you." Mr. Marvel stopped and tapped Mr. Marvel smartly. Mr. Marvel took a yelp of terror at the stods of people and the streets. "You don't want to betray you," said Mr. Marvel, edging away from the direction of the fingers. "You go a-thinking that, don't let me do. All I want to do is betray you--just tell me what I got to do. (Lord!) Whatever I have done, that I will be willing to do." Chapter 10 Mr. Marvel was given to the world as the city's panic had spent itself Iping . Scepticism suddenly reared its