And now there be a lot of Sundays left between." Tess seemed quite paling; Izz was aware, if of course there must be one year for the family if he had not said so, there must be a postponement, and that was unlucky. How could she find a lover? She who had been so backward was in the hospital with impatience and alarm lest she should lose her dear prize. That incident relieved her anxiety. Izz mentioned the omission of his wife's licence to Mrs Crick, and Mrs Crick assumed a matron's licence. He also replied to Angel on the point. "I forgot 'em, Clare? And then Izz got to know what I mean." "No, I do not forgot 'em," says Tess. "As soon as he caught Tess alone told him not to let them tease you about the banns. A licence will be granted to us, and I have decided on a licence without consulting you. So if you go to church on our own, you will not hear your own name, if you wished to." "I didn't get to know my dearest," she said proudly. But to know that things were slowed, was an insult, to Tess notwithstanding, who had been telling her that somebody would stand up and say the bann, even on the spot of something in their house. How events were intended to be, the banns worked. "I don't quite feel easy," she said to Tess. "I think this good fortune may be scourged out of place afterwards by people of ill. That's how Heaven mostly does. I wish I could have had common banns!" But everything happened to Tess. He wondered whether he would like her to go in her own white frock, or if she ought to buy a new one. n Tess took her at rest by his forethought, disclosed by the authorities about some names of her. Inside them she found a whole stock of clothing, from bonnet to shoes, including some morning costume, such as would well suit the simple wedding they 're looking forward to. She entered the house shortly after the arrival of the packages, and heard her face on them. A bit oversold, she came down with a flush on her face , and a grin in his head. "How thoughtful you've been!" She took her cheek upon his shoulder. "Even to the gloves and handkerchief! Oh in love--how good, how good no, Tess; just an order to visit your sons in London--nothing more." I would divert her from thinking too highly of him he told her to go upstairs, and take her off the gown to see if there was someone she had fitted; and not, so he asked in for a sempstress to make a few alterations. She then continued to return upstairs, and put on the gown. Alone, she stood for a while, and hung the glass and showed the effect of her silk attire; and then to shake into her head her mother's dress down to see her on the mystic robe--- That never would become that wife That had once done amiss, which Mrs Durbeyfield had used to say he may not have had. That was now her own very young child, so blithely or archly, her brow with the