the party struck out at a actually been taken away except the captain’s money-bag and bouncing trot on the road to Dr. Livesey’s house. a little silver from the till, I could see at once that we were ruined. Mr. Dance could make nothing of the scene. “They got the money, you say? Well, then, Hawkins, what in fortune were they after? More money, I suppose?” “No, sir; not money, I think,” replied I. “In fact, sir, I believe I have the thing in my breast pocket; and to tell you the truth, I should like to get it put in safety.” “To be sure, boy; quite right,” said he. “I’ll take it, if you like.” “I thought perhaps Dr. Livesey—” I began. “Perfectly right,” he interrupted very cheerily, “perfectly right—a gentleman and a magistrate. And, now I come to Contents think of it, I might as well ride round there myself and report to him or squire. Master Pew’s dead, when all’s done; not Robert Louis Stevenson. Treasure Island. 46 47 the hall buildings looked on either hand on great old gardens. Here Mr. Dance dismounted, and taking me along with him, was admitted at a word into the house. The servant led us down a matted passage and showed us at the end into a great library, all lined with bookcases and busts upon the top of them, where the squire and Dr. Livesey sat, pipe in hand, on either side of a bright fire. I had never seen the squire so near at hand. He was a tall man, over six feet high, and broad in proportion, and he had a bluff, rough-and-ready face, all roughened and reddened Chapter 6. and lined in his long travels. His eyebrows were very black, The Captain’s Papers. and moved readily, and this gave him a look of some temper, not bad, you would say, but quick and high. WE rode hard all the way till we drew up before Dr. “Come in, Mr. Dance,” says he, very stately and conde- Livesey’s door. The house was all dark to the front. scending. Mr. Dance told me to jump down and knock, and Dogger “Good evening, Dance,” says the doctor with a nod. “And gave me a stirrup to descend by. The door was opened almost good evening to you, friend Jim. What good wind brings at once by the maid. you here?” “Is Dr. Livesey in?” I asked. The supervisor stood up straight and stiff and told his No, she said, he had come home in the afternoon but had story like a lesson; and you should have seen how the two gone up to the hall to dine and pass the evening with the gentlemen leaned forward and looked at each other, and for- squire. got to smoke in their surprise and interest. When they heard “So there we go, boys,” said Mr. Dance. how my mother went back to the inn, Dr. Livesey fairly slapped his thigh, and the squire cried “Bravo!” and broke his long Contents This time, as the