was led like a dancing bear. Tall tree, Spy-glass shoulder, bearing a point to the N. of The other men were variously burthened, some carrying N.N.E. Skeleton Island E.S.E. and by E. Ten feet. picks and shovels—for that had been the very first necessary A tall tree was thus the principal mark. Now, right before they brought ashore from the HISPANIOLA— others laden us the anchorage was bounded by a plateau from two to three with pork, bread, and brandy for the midday meal. All the hundred feet high, adjoining on the north the sloping south- stores, I observed, came from our stock, and I could see the ern shoulder of the Spy-glass and rising again towards the truth of Silver’s words the night before. Had he not struck a south into the rough, cliffy eminence called the Mizzen-mast bargain with the doctor, he and his mutineers, deserted by Hill. The top of the plateau was dotted thickly with pine- the ship, must have been driven to subsist on clear water and trees of varying height. Every here and there, one of a differ- the proceeds of their hunting. Water would have been little ent species rose forty or fifty feet clear above its neighbours, to their taste; a sailor is not usually a good shot; and besides and which of these was the particular “tall tree” of Captain all that, when they were so short of eatables, it was not likely Flint could only be decided on the spot, and by the readings they would be very flush of powder. of the compass. Contents Well, thus equipped, we all set out—even the fellow with Yet, although that was the case, every man on board the the broken head, who should certainly have kept in shadow— boats had picked a favourite of his own ere we were half-way Robert Louis Stevenson. Treasure Island. 262 263 over, Long John alone shrugging his shoulders and bidding We had thus proceeded for about half a mile and were them wait till they were there. approaching the brow of the plateau when the man upon the We pulled easily, by Silver’s directions, not to weary the farthest left began to cry aloud, as if in terror. Shout after hands prematurely, and after quite a long passage, landed at shout came from him, and the others began to run in his the mouth of the second river—that which runs down a woody direction. cleft of the Spy-glass. Thence, bending to our left, we began “He can’t ‘a found the treasure,” said old Morgan, hurry- to ascend the slope towards the plateau. ing past us from the right, “for that’s clean a-top.” At the first outset, heavy, miry ground and a matted, Indeed, as we found when we also reached the spot, it was marish vegetation greatly delayed our progress; but by little something very different. At the foot of a pretty big pine and little the hill began to steepen and become stony under and involved in a green creeper, which had even partly lifted foot, and