had brought upon “Yes,” said one, “that’s Flint, sure enough. J. F., and a himself. score below, with a clove hitch to it; so he done ever.” “A Bible with a bit cut out!” returned Silver derisively. “Mighty pretty,” said George. “But how are we to get “Not it. It don’t bind no more’n a ballad-book.” away with it, and us no ship.” “Don’t it, though?” cried Dick with a sort of joy. “Well, I Silver suddenly sprang up, and supporting himself with a reckon that’s worth having too.” hand against the wall: “Now I give you warning, George,” he “Here, Jim—here’s a cur’osity for you,” said Silver, and he cried. “One more word of your sauce, and I’ll call you down tossed me the paper. and fight you. How? Why, how do I know? You had ought It was around about the size of a crown piece. One side to tell me that—you and the rest, that lost me my schooner, was blank, for it had been the last leaf; the other contained a with your interference, burn you! But not you, you can’t; you verse or two of Revelation—these words among the rest, which hain’t got the invention of a cockroach. But civil you can struck sharply home upon my mind: “Without are dogs and speak, and shall, George Merry, you may lay to that.” murderers.” The printed side had been blackened with wood “That’s fair enow,” said the old man Morgan. ash, which already began to come off and soil my fingers; on “Fair! I reckon so,” said the sea-cook. “You lost the ship; the blank side had been written with the same material the I found the treasure. Who’s the better man at that? And one word “Depposed.” I have that curiosity beside me at this Contents now I resign, by thunder! Elect whom you please to be your moment, but not a trace of writing now remains beyond a cap’n now; I’m done with it.” single scratch, such as a man might make with his thumb- Robert Louis Stevenson. Treasure Island. 246 247 nail. That was the end of the night’s business. Soon after, with a drink all round, we lay down to sleep, and the outside of Silver’s vengeance was to put George Merry up for sentinel and threaten him with death if he should prove unfaithful. It was long ere I could close an eye, and heaven knows I had matter enough for thought in the man whom I had slain that afternoon, in my own most perilous position, and above all, in the remarkable game that I saw Silver now engaged upon—keeping the mutineers together with one hand and grasping with the other after every means, possible and im- Chapter 30. possible, to make his peace and save his miserable life. He On Parole. himself slept peacefully and snored aloud, yet my heart was sore for him, wicked as he was, to think on the dark perils that I WAS wakened—indeed, we were all wakened, for I could environed and the shameful gibbet that