the book,” observed the doctor. end a grand total had been made out after five or six wrong The squire and I were both peering over his shoulder as additions, and these words appended, “Bones, his pile.” he opened it, for Dr. Livesey had kindly motioned me to come “I can’t make head or tail of this,” said Dr. Livesey. round from the side-table, where I had been eating, to enjoy “The thing is as clear as noonday,” cried the squire. “This the sport of the search. On the first page there were only is the black-hearted hound’s account-book. These crosses stand some scraps of writing, such as a man with a pen in his hand for the names of ships or towns that they sank or plundered. might make for idleness or practice. One was the same as the The sums are the scoundrel’s share, and where he feared an tattoo mark, “Billy Bones his fancy”; then there was “Mr. W. ambiguity, you see he added something clearer. ‘Offe Caraccas,’ Bones, mate,” “No more rum,” “Off Palm Key he got itt,” and now; you see, here was some unhappy vessel boarded off that some other snatches, mostly single words and unintelligible. I coast. God help the poor souls that manned her—coral long could not help wondering who it was that had “got itt,” and ago.” what “itt” was that he got. A knife in his back as like as not. “Right!” said the doctor. “See what it is to be a traveller. “Not much instruction there,” said Dr. Livesey as he passed Right! And the amounts increase, you see, as he rose in rank.” on. There was little else in the volume but a few bearings of The next ten or twelve pages were filled with a curious places noted in the blank leaves towards the end and a table series of entries. There was a date at one end of the line and at for reducing French, English, and Spanish moneys to a com- the other a sum of money, as in common account-books, but mon value. Contents instead of explanatory writing, only a varying number of “Thrifty man!” cried the doctor. “He wasn’t the one to be crosses between the two. On the 12th of June, 1745, for cheated.” Robert Louis Stevenson. Treasure Island. 52 53 “And now,” said the squire, “for the other.” point of north inlet cape, bearing E. and a The paper had been sealed in several places with a thimble quarter N. by way of seal; the very thimble, perhaps, that I had found in J.F. the captain’s pocket. The doctor opened the seals with great care, and there fell out the map of an island, with latitude and That was all; but brief as it was, and to me incomprehen- longitude, soundings, names of hills and bays and inlets, and sible, it filled the squire and Dr. Livesey with delight. every particular that would be needed to bring a ship to a safe “Livesey,” said the squire, “you will give up this wretched anchorage