figure, and uncomely, dry, even coarse face, recurred so distinctly to my mind's eye, that I thought: "No; impossible! my supposition cannot be correct, Yet," suggested the secret voice which talks to us in our own hearts, "youare not beautiful either, and perhaps Mr. Rochester approves you at any rate, you have often felt as if he did; and last night remember his words; remember his look; remember his voice!"     I well remembered all language, glance and tone seemed at the moment vividly renewed. I was now in the school-room. Adle was drawing. I bent over her and directed her pencil. She looked up with a sort of start.     "Qu'avez-vous, mademoiselle?" said she; "Vos doigts tremblent comme le feuille, et vos joues sont rouges; mais, rouges come des cerises!"     "I am hot, Adle, with stooping!" She went on sketching, I went on thinking.     I hastened to drive from my mind the hateful notion I had been conceiving respecting Grace Poole; it disgusted me. I compared myself with her, and found we were different. Bessie Leaven had said I was quite a lady; and she spoke truth; I was a lady. And now I looked much better than I did when Bessie saw me; I had more color and more flesh; more life, more vivacity; because I had brighter hopes and keener enjoyments.     "Evening approaches," said I, as I looked toward the window. "I have never heard Mr. Rochester's voice or step in the house to-day; but surely I shall see him before night; I feared the meeting in the morning; now I desire it, because expectation has been so long baffled that it is grown impatient."     When dusk actually closed, and when Adle left me to go and play in the nursery with Sophie, I did most keenly desire it. I listened for the bell to ring below; I listened for Leah coming up with a message; I fancied sometimes I heard Mr. Rochester's own tread, and I turned to the door, expecting it to open and admit him. The door remained shut; darkness only came in through the window. Still it was not late; he often sent for me at seven and eight o'clock, and it was yet but six. Surely I should not be wholly disappointed to-night, when I had so many things to say to him! I wanted again to introduce the subject of Grace Poole, and to hear what he would answer; I wanted to ask him plainly if he really believed it was she who had made last night's hideous attempt; and if so, why he kept her wickedness a secret. It little mattered whether my curiosity irritated him; I knew the pleasure of vexing and soothing him by turns; it was one I chiefly delighted in, and a sure instinct always prevented me from going too far; beyond the verge of provocation I never ventured; on the extreme brink I liked well