of free action I should, under similar circumstances, have accorded them.     I left Moor House at three o'clock P. M., and soon after four I stood at the foot of the sign-post of Whitcross, waiting the arrival of the coach which was to take me to distant Thornfield. Amid the silence of those solitary roads and desert hills, I heard it approach from a great distance. It was the same vehicle whence, a year ago, I had alighted one summer evening on this very spot how desolate, and hopeless, and objectless! It stopped as I beckoned. I entered not now obliged to part with my whole fortune as the price of its accommodation. Once more on the road to Thornfield I felt like the messenger-pigeon flying home.     It was a journey of six-and-thirty hours. I had set out from Whitcross on a Tuesday afternoon, and early on the succeeding Thursday morning the coach stopped to water the horses at a wayside inn, situated in the midst of scenery whose green hedges and large fields, and low pastoral hills (how mild of feature and verdant of hue compared with the stern north-midland moors of Morton!), met my eye like the lineaments of a once familiar face. Yes, I knew the character of this landscape: I was sure we were near my bourne.     "How far is Thornfield Hall from here?" I asked of the hostler.     "Just two miles, ma'am, across the fields."     "My journey is closed," I thought to myself. I got out of the coach, gave a box I had into the hostler's charge, to be kept till I called for it; paid my fare; satisfied the coachman, and was going; the brightening day gleamed on the sign of the inn, and I read in gilt letters," The Rochester Arms." My heart leaped up; I was already on my master's very lands. It fell again; the thought struck it:     "Your master himself may be beyond the British Channel, for aught you know; and then, if he is at Thornfield Hall, toward which you hasten, who besides him is there? His lunatic wife; and you have nothing to do with him; you dare not speak to him or seek his presence. You have lost your labor you had better go no further," urged the monitor. "Ask information of the people at the inn; they can give you all you seek; they can solve your doubts at once. Go up to that man and inquire if Mr. Rochester be at home."     The suggestion was sensible, and yet I could not force myself to act on it. I so dreaded a reply that would crush me with despair. To prolong doubt was to prolong hope. I might yet once more see the Hall under the ray of her star. There was the stile before me the very fields through which I had hurried, blind, deaf, distracted, with a