to me, just as it was written out by the reality of the flitting hour, and vanishing as fast as written, only because my brain wanted the insight, and my hand the cunning, to transcribe it. At some future day, it may be, I shall remember a few scattered fragments and broken paragraphs, and write them down, and find the letters turn to gold upon the page. These perceptions had come too late. At the Instant, I was only conscious that what would have been a pleasure once was now a hopeless toil. There was no occasion to make much moan about this state of affairs. I had ceased to be a Thesaurus faculties: (n) mother wit. untowardly, nosily, unbefittingly, importance, tangibility, reality, flitting: (adj) fleeting, fugitive, unfortunately. element, essential nature, momentary, transient, ephemeral; (v) marvelous: (adj) wonderful, fantastic, groundwork, vital part, materialness. migration. incredible, fabulous, extraordinary, ANTONYM: (n) immateriality. humourous: (adj) humorous. tremendous, grand, astonishing, opaque: (adj) dense, muddy, obscure, inefficacious: (adj) ineffective, futile, terrific, great; (adj, v) prodigious. cloudy, hazy, murky, thick, inefficient, bootless, useless, ANTONYMS: (adj) ordinary, unintelligible, milky, misty, vague. inoperative, inutile, null, feckless, mundane, abysmal, bad, dreadful, ANTONYM: (adj) transparent. nugatory, fruitless. unworthy, dire, humdrum, transcribe: (n, v) copy, reproduce; (v) intrusively: (adv) meddlesomely, unimpressive, unremarkable, boring. record, transliterate, note, put down, obtrusively, impertinently, pryingly, materiality: (n) corporeality, write down, write, paraphrase; (n) meddlingly, curiously, busily, substantiality, concreteness, duplicate, imitate. Nathaniel Hawthorne 37 writer of tolerably poor tales and essays, and had become a tolerably good Surveyor of the Customs. That was all. But, nevertheless, it is anything but agreeable to be haunted by a suspicion that one's intellect is dwindling away, or exhaling, without your consciousness, like ether out of a phial; so that, at every glance, you find a smaller and less volatile residuum. Of the fact there could be no doubt and, examining myself and others, I was led to conclusions, in reference to the effect of public office on the character, not very favourable to the mode of life in question. In some other form, perhaps, I may hereafter develop these effects. Suffice it here to say that a Custom-House officer of long continuance can hardly be a very praiseworthy or respectable personage, for many reasons; one of them, the tenure by which he holds his situation, and another, the very nature of his business, which--though, I trust, an honest one--is of such a sort that he does not share in the united effort of mankind.% An effect--which I believe to be observable, more or less, in every individual who has occupied the position--is, that while he leans on the mighty arm of the Republic, his own proper strength, departs from him. He loses, in an extent proportioned to the weakness or force of his original nature, the capability of self-support. If he possesses an unusual share of native energy, or the enervating magic of place do not operate too long upon him, his forfeited powers may be redeemable. The ejected officer--fortunate in the unkindly shove that sends him forth betimes, to struggle