though it was a great annoyance when it God ever allowed upon the sea, and the language in which he blew. I remember the appearance of his coat, which he patched told these stories shocked our plain country people almost as himself upstairs in his room, and which, before the end, was much as the crimes that he described. My father was always nothing but patches. He never wrote or received a letter, and Contents saying the inn would be ruined, for people would soon cease he never spoke with any but the neighbours, and with these, coming there to be tyrannized over and put down, and sent for the most part, only when drunk on rum. The great sea- Robert Louis Stevenson. Treasure Island. 8 9 chest none of us had ever seen open. it did not produce an agreeable effect, for he looked up for a He was only once crossed, and that was towards the end, moment quite angrily before he went on with his talk to old when my poor father was far gone in a decline that took him Taylor, the gardener, on a new cure for the rheumatics. In the off. Dr. Livesey came late one afternoon to see the patient, meantime, the captain gradually brightened up at his own took a bit of dinner from my mother, and went into the parlour music, and at last flapped his hand upon the table before him to smoke a pipe until his horse should come down from the in a way we all knew to mean silence. The voices stopped at hamlet, for we had no stabling at the old Benbow. I followed once, all but Dr. Livesey’s; he went on as before speaking clear him in, and I remember observing the contrast the neat, bright and kind and drawing briskly at his pipe between every word doctor, with his powder as white as snow and his bright, black or two. The captain glared at him for a while, flapped his eyes and pleasant manners, made with the coltish country hand again, glared still harder, and at last broke out with a folk, and above all, with that filthy, heavy, bleared scarecrow villainous, low oath, “Silence, there, between decks!” of a pirate of ours, sitting, far gone in rum, with his arms on “Were you addressing me, sir?” says the doctor; and when the table. Suddenly he—the captain, that is—began to pipe the ruffian had told him, with another oath, that this was so, up his eternal song: “I have only one thing to say to you, sir,” replies the doctor, “that if you keep on drinking rum, the world will soon be “Fifteen men on the dead man’s chest— quit of a very dirty scoundrel!” Yo-ho-ho, and a bottle of rum! The old fellow’s fury was awful. He sprang to his feet, Drink and the devil had done for the rest— drew and opened a sailor’s clasp-knife, and balancing it open Yo-ho-ho, and a bottle of rum!” on the palm of his hand, threatened to pin