Duke's middle years. He was portrayed in matador costume with a magenta cape flung over his left arm. The face looked young, hardly older than Leto's now, and with the same hawk features, the same gray stare. She clenched her fists at her sides, glared at the painting. "Damn you! Damn you! Damn you!" she whispered. "What are your orders, Noble Born?" It was a woman's voice, thin and stringy. Jessica whirled, stared down at a knobby, gray-haired woman in a shapeless sack dress of bondsman brown. The woman looked as wrinkled and desiccated as any member of the mob that had greeted them along the way from the landing field that morning. Every native she had seen on this planet, Jessica thought, looked prune dry and undernourished. Yet, Leto had said they were strong and vital. And there were the eyes, of course -- that wash of deepest, darkest blue without any white -- secretive, mysterious. Jessica forced herself not to stare. The woman gave a stiff-necked nod, said: "I am called the Shadout Mapes, Noble Born. What are your orders?" "You may refer to me as 'my Lady,' " Jessica said. "I'm not noble born. I'm the bound concubine of the Duke Leto." Again that strange nod, and the woman peered upward at Jessica with a sly questioning, "There's a wife, then?" "There is not, nor has there ever been. I am the Duke's only . . . companion, the mother of his heir-designate." Even as she spoke, Jessica laughed inwardly at the pride behind her words. What was it St. Augustine said? she asked herself. "The mind commands the body and it obeys. The mind orders itself and meets resistance." Yes -- I am meeting more resistance lately. I could use a quiet retreat by myself. A weird cry sounded from the road outside the house. It was repeated: "Soo-soo-Sook! Soo-soo-Sook!" Then: "Ikhut-eigh! Ikhut-eigh!" And again: "Soo-soo-Sook!" "What is that?" Jessica asked. "I heard it several times as we drove through the streets this morning." "Only a water-seller, my Lady. But you've no need to interest yourself in such as they. The cistern here holds fifty thousand liters and it's always kept full." She glanced down at her dress. "Why, you know, my Lady, I don't even have to wear my stillsuit here?" She cackled. "And me not even dead!" Jessica hesitated, wanting to question this Fremen woman, needing data to guide her. But bringing order of the confusion in the castle was more imperative. Still, she found the thought unsettling that water was a major mark of wealth here. "My husband told me of your title, Shadout," Jessica said. "I recognized the word. It's a very ancient word." "You know the ancient tongues then?" Mapes asked, and she waited with an odd intensity. "Tongues are the Bene Gesserit's first learning," Jessica said. "I know the Bhotani Jib and the Chakobsa, all the hunting languages." Mapes nodded. "Just as the legend says." And Jessica wondered: Why do I play out this sham? But the Bene Gesserit ways were devious