while her mother talked with the old gatherer of herbs. At first, as already told, she had flirted fancifully with her own image in a pool of water, beckoning the phantom forth, and--as it declined to venture--seeking a passage for herself into its sphere of impalpable earth and unattainable sky. Soon finding, however, that either she or the image was unreal, she turned elsewhere for better pastime. She made little boats out of birch-bark, and freighted them with snailshells, and sent out more ventures on the mighty deep than any merchant in New England; but the larger part of them foundered near the shore. She seized a live horse-shoe by the tail, and made prize of several five-fingers, and laid out a jelly-fish to melt in the warm sun. Then she took up the white foam that streaked the line of the advancing tide, and threw it upon the breeze, scampering after it with winged footsteps to catch the great snowflakes ere they fell. Perceiving a flock of beach-birds that fed and fluttered along the shore, the naughty child picked up her apron full of pebbles, and, creeping from rock to rock after these small sea-fowl, displayed remarkable dexterity in pelting them. One little gray bird, with a white breast, Pearl was almost sure had been hit by a pebble, and fluttered away with a broken wing. But then the elf-child sighed, and gave up her sport, because it grieved her to have done harm to a little being that was as wild as the sea-breeze, or as wild as Pearl herself. Her final employment was to gather seaweed of various kinds, and make herself a scarf or mantle, and a head-dress, and thus assume the aspect of a little mermaid. She inherited her mother's gift for devising drapery and costume. As the last touch to her mermaid's garb, Pearl took some eel-grass and imitated, as best she could, on her own bosom the decoration with which she was so familiar on her mother's. A letter--the letter A--but freshly green instead of scarlet. The Thesaurus beckoning: (adj) irresistible. grieved: (adj) sore, sad, sorry, streaked: (adj) veined, striped, streaky, declined: (adj) less. sorrowful, upset, woeful, pained, brindled, lined, mottled, virgated, drapery: (n) drape, clothing, dress, affected, brokenhearted. patterned; (v) areolar, cancellated, blind, raiment, costume, toilette, imitated: (adj) mimical. grated. furnishings, trim, guise, toilet. mermaid: (n) siren, Oberon, Mab, unattainable: (adj) impossible, fancifully: (adv) fantasticly, hamadryad, sprite, nymph, nixie, inaccessible, impracticable, fantastically, chimerically, unreally, fairy, imaginary being, imaginary impractical, unapproachable, imaginarily, freakishly, bizarrely, creature, kelpie. unobtainable, out of print, not visionarily, ideally, notionally, pelting: (n) successiveness, possible, unassailable, unavailable, fancily. chronological sequence, unbeatable. ANTONYMS: (adj) freighted: (adj) fraught, filled, chronological succession, hail, rain. vulnerable, accessible, possible, charged; (prep) burdened. scampering: (n) running. attainable, feasible. 170 The Scarlet Letter child bent her chin upon her breast, and contemplated this device with strange interest, even as if the one only thing for which she had been sent into the world was to make out its hidden import.% "I wonder if mother will ask me what it