THE wind, serving us to a desire, now hauled into the “Ah!” says he. “Well, that’s unfort’nate—appears as if kill- west. We could run so much the easier from the north-east ing parties was a waste of time. Howsomever, sperrits don’t corner of the island to the mouth of the North Inlet. Only, as reckon for much, by what I’ve seen. I’ll chance it with the we had no power to anchor and dared not beach her till the sperrits, Jim. And now, you’ve spoke up free, and I’ll take it tide had flowed a good deal farther, time hung on our hands. kind if you’d step down into that there cabin and get me a— The coxswain told me how to lay the ship to; after a good well, a—shiver my timbers! I can’t hit the name on ‘t; well, many trials I succeeded, and we both sat in silence over an- you get me a bottle of wine, Jim—this here brandy’s too strong other meal. for my head.” “Cap’n,” said he at length with that same uncomfortable Now, the coxswain’s hesitation seemed to be unnatural, smile, “here’s my old shipmate, O’Brien; s’pose you was to and as for the notion of his preferring wine to brandy, I en- tirely disbelieved it. The whole story was a pretext. He wanted Contents heave him overboard. I ain’t partic’lar as a rule, and I don’t take no blame for settling his hash, but I don’t reckon him me to leave the deck—so much was plain; but with what pur- ornamental now, do you?” pose I could in no way imagine. His eyes never met mine; Robert Louis Stevenson. Treasure Island. 208 209 they kept wandering to and fro, up and down, now with a out of a coil of rope, a long knife, or rather a short dirk, look to the sky, now with a flitting glance upon the dead discoloured to the hilt with blood. He looked upon it for a O’Brien. All the time he kept smiling and putting his tongue moment, thrusting forth his under jaw, tried the point upon out in the most guilty, embarrassed manner, so that a child his hand, and then, hastily concealing it in the bosom of his could have told that he was bent on some deception. I was jacket, trundled back again into his old place against the bul- prompt with my answer, however, for I saw where my advan- wark. tage lay and that with a fellow so densely stupid I could easily This was all that I required to know. Israel could move conceal my suspicions to the end. about, he was now armed, and if he had been at so much “Some wine?” I said. “Far better. Will you have white or trouble to get rid of me, it was plain that I was meant to be red?” the victim. What he would do afterwards— whether he would “Well, I reckon it’s about the blessed same to me, ship- try to crawl right across the island from North Inlet to