trying to keep straight when we’re supposedly friends and when we’re not. At least when we get into the arena, I’ll know where we stand. “Don’t. Don’t let’s pretend when there’s no one around.” 99 “All right, Katniss,” he says tiredly. After that, we only talk in front of people. On the third day of training, they start to call us out of lunch for our private sessions with the Gamemakers. District by dis- trict, first the boy, then the girl tribute. As usual, District 12 is slated to go last. We linger in the dining room, unsure where else to go. No one comes back once they have left. As the room empties, the pressure to appear friendly lightens. By the time they call Rue, we are left alone. We sit in silence until they summon Peeta. He rises. “Remember what Haymitch said about being sure to throw the weights.” The words come out of my mouth without per- mission. “Thanks. I will,” he says. “You . . . shoot straight.” I nod. I don’t know why I said anything at all. Although if I’m going to lose, I’d rather Peeta win than the others. Better for our district, for my mother and Prim. After about fifteen minutes, they call my name. I smooth my hair, set my shoulders back, and walk into the gymnasium. In- stantly, I know I’m in trouble. They’ve been here too long, the Gamemakers. Sat through twenty-three other demonstrations. Had too much to wine, most of them. Want more than any- thing to go home. There’s nothing I can do but continue with the plan. I walk to the archery station. Oh, the weapons! I’ve been itching to get my hands on them for days! Bows made of wood and plas- tic and metal and materials I can’t even name. Arrows with feathers cut in flawless uniform lines. I choose a bow, string it, 100 and sling the matching quiver of arrows over my shoulder. There’s a shooting range, but it’s much too limited. Standard bull’s-eyes and human silhouettes. I walk to the center of the gymnasium and pick my first target. The dummy used for knife practice. Even as I pull back on the bow I know some- thing is wrong. The string’s tighter than the one I use at home. The arrow’s more rigid. I miss the dummy by a couple of inch- es and lose what little attention I had been commanding. For a moment, I’m humiliated, then I head back to the bull’s-eye. I shoot again and again until I get the feel of these new wea- pons. Back in the center of the gymnasium, I take my initial posi- tion and skewer the dummy right through the heart. Then I sever the rope that holds the sandbag for boxing, and the bag splits open as it slams to the ground. Without pausing, I shoulder-roll forward, come up on one knee, and send an ar- row into one of the hanging lights high above the gymnasium floor. A shower of sparks bursts