I met those qualities incarnate in masculine shape, I should have known instinctively that they neither had nor could have sympathy with anything in me, and should have shunned them as one would fire, lightning, or anything else that is bright but antipathetic.     If even this stranger had smiled and been good-humored to me when I addressed him; if he had put off my offer of assistance gayly and with thanks, I should have gone on my way and not felt any vocation to renew inquiries; but the frown, the roughness of the traveler, set me at my ease: I retained my station when he waved to me to go, and announced: "I cannot think of leaving you, sir, at so late an hour, in this solitary lane, till I see you are fit to mount your horse."     He looked at me when I said this; he had hardly turned his eyes in my direction before.     I should think you ought to be at home yourself," said he, "if you have a home in this neighborhood; where do you come from?"     "From just below; and I am not at all afraid of being out late when it is moonlight; I will run over to Hay for you with pleasure, if you wish it; indeed, I am going there to post a letter."     "You live just below do you mean at that house with the battlements?" pointing to Thornfield Hall, on which the moon cast a hoary gleam, bringing it out distinct and pale from the woods, that, by contrast with the western sky, now seemed one mass of shadow.     "Yes, sir."     "Whose house is it?"     "Mr. Rochester's."     "Do you know Mr. Rochester?"     "No; I have never seen him."     "He is not resident, then?"     "No."     "Can you tell me where he is?"     "I cannot."     "You are not a servant at the hall, of course. You are " He stopped, ran his eye over my dress, which, as usual, was quite simple a black merino cloak, a black beaver bonnet; neither of them half fine enough for a lady's maid. He seemed puzzled to decide what I was: I helped him.     "I am the governess."     "Ah, the governess!" he repeated; "deuce take me, if I had not forgotten! The governess!" and again my raiment underwent scrutiny. In two minutes he rose from the stile; his face expressed pain when he tried to move.     "I cannot commission you to fetch help," he said; "but you may help me a little yourself, if you will be so kind."     "Yes, sir."     "You have not an umbrella that