him are so confoundedly hot-headed and exclamatory that I can- sup.” not get a word in. What I want to know is this: Supposing “As you will, Livesey,” said the squire; “Hawkins has earned that I have here in my pocket some clue to where Flint bur- better than cold pie.” ied his treasure, will that treasure amount to much?” So a big pigeon pie was brought in and put on a sidetable, “Amount, sir!” cried the squire. “It will amount to this: If Contents and I made a hearty supper, for I was as hungry as a hawk, we have the clue you talk about, I fit out a ship in Bristol while Mr. Dance was further complimented and at last dis- dock, and take you and Hawkins here along, and I’ll have that Robert Louis Stevenson. Treasure Island. 50 51 treasure if I search a year.” instance, a sum of seventy pounds had plainly become due to “Very well,” said the doctor. “Now, then, if Jim is agree- someone, and there was nothing but six crosses to explain the able, we’ll open the packet”; and he laid it before him on the cause. In a few cases, to be sure, the name of a place would be table. added, as “Offe Caraccas,” or a mere entry of latitude and The bundle was sewn together, and the doctor had to get longitude, as “62o 17' 20”, 19o 2' 40".” out his instrument case and cut the stitches with his medical The record lasted over nearly twenty years, the amount of scissors. It contained two things—a book and a sealed paper. the separate entries growing larger as time went on, and at the “First of all we’ll try the book,” observed the doctor. end a grand total had been made out after five or six wrong The squire and I were both peering over his shoulder as additions, and these words appended, “Bones, his pile.” he opened it, for Dr. Livesey had kindly motioned me to come “I can’t make head or tail of this,” said Dr. Livesey. round from the side-table, where I had been eating, to enjoy “The thing is as clear as noonday,” cried the squire. “This the sport of the search. On the first page there were only is the black-hearted hound’s account-book. These crosses stand some scraps of writing, such as a man with a pen in his hand for the names of ships or towns that they sank or plundered. might make for idleness or practice. One was the same as the The sums are the scoundrel’s share, and where he feared an tattoo mark, “Billy Bones his fancy”; then there was “Mr. W. ambiguity, you see he added something clearer. ‘Offe Caraccas,’ Bones, mate,” “No more rum,” “Off Palm Key he got itt,” and now; you see, here was some unhappy vessel boarded off that some other snatches, mostly single words and unintelligible. I coast. God help the poor souls that manned her—coral long could not help wondering who it was that had “got itt,”