his hair, he groans and raises his eyes to mine. “Ah . . .” “Do you like me touching you?” I whisper. His brow furrows briefly as if he doesn’t understand the question. He stops grinding against me. “Of course I do. I love you touching me, Ana. I’m like a starving man at a banquet when it comes to your touch.” His voice hums with pas- sionate sincerity. Holy cow . . . He kneels between my legs and drags me up to haul off my top. I’m naked beneath. Grabbing the hem of his shirt, he yanks it over his head and tosses it on the floor, then pulls me onto his kneeling lap, his arms clasped just above my behind. “Touch me,” he breathes. Oh my . . . Tentatively I reach up and brush the tips of my fingers through the smattering of chest hair over his sternum, over his burn scars. He inhales sharply and his pupils dilate, but it’s not with fear. It’s a sensual response to my touch. He watches me intently as my fingers float delicately over his skin, first to one nipple and then the other. They pucker beneath my caress. Leaning forward, I plant soft kisses on his chest, and my hands move to his shoulders, feeling the hard, sculp- tured lines of sinew and muscle. Jeez . . . he’s in good shape. “I want you,” he murmurs and it’s a green light to my libido. My fingers move into his hair, pulling his head back so I can claim his mouth, fire licking hot and high in my belly. He groans and pushes me back onto the couch. He sits up and rips off my sweatpants, undoing his fly at the same time. “Home run,” he whispers, and swiftly he fills me. “Ah . . .” I groan and he stills, grabbing my face between his hands. 137/551 “I love you, Mrs. Grey,” he murmurs and very slowly, very gently, he makes love to me until I come apart at the seams, calling his name and wrapping myself around him, never wanting to let him go. I lay sprawled on his chest. We’re on the floor of the TV room. “You know, we completely bypassed third base.” My fingers trace the line of his pectoral muscles. He laughs. “Next time, Mrs. Grey.” He kisses the top of my head. I look up to stare at the television screen where the end credits for The X- Files play. Christian reaches for the remote and switches the sound back on. “You liked that show?” I ask. “When I was a kid.” Oh . . . Christian as a kid . . . kickboxing and X Files and no touching. “You?” he asks. “Before my time.” “You’re so young.” Christian smiles fondly. “I like making out with you, Mrs. Grey.” “Likewise, Mr. Grey.” I kiss his chest, and we lie silently watching as The X- Files finish and the commercials come on. “It’s been a heavenly three weeks. Car chases and fires and