wrote to you about me; or how he knew you, or could fancy that you, living in such an out-of-the-way place, had the power to aid in my discovery."     "Oh! I am a clergyman," he said; "and the clergy are often appealed to about odd matters."     Again the latch rattled.     "No: that does not satisfy me!" I exclaimed: and, indeed, there was something in the hasty and unexplanatory reply which, instead of allaying, piqued my curiosity more than ever.     "It is a very strange piece of business," I added. "I must know more about it."     "Another time."     "No: to-night! to-night!" and as he turned from the door I placed myself between it and him. He looked rather embarrassed.     "You certainly shall not go till you have told me all!" I said.     "I would rather not, just now."     "You shall! you must!"     "I would rather Diana or Mary informed you."     Of course these objections wrought my eagerness to a climax: gratified it must be, and that without delay; and I told him so.     "But I apprised you that I was a hard man," said he; "difficult to persuade."     "And I am a hard woman impossible to be put off."     "And then," he pursued, "I am cold: no fervor infects me."     "Whereas I am hot, and fire dissolves ice. The blaze there has thawed all the snow from your cloak; by the same token, it has streamed on to my floor, and made it like a trampled street. As you hope ever to be forgiven, Mr. Rivers, the high crime and misdemeanor of spoiling a sanded kitchen, tell me what I wish to know."     "Well, then," he said, "I yield; if not to your earnestness, to your perseverance: as stone is worn by continual dropping. Besides, you must know some day as well now as later. Your name Jane Eyre?"     "Of course; that was all settled before."     "You are not, perhaps, aware that I am your namesake? that I was christened St. John Eyre Rivers?"     "No, indeed! I member now seeing the letter E comprised in your initials written in books you have at different times lent me; but I never asked for what name it stood. But what then? Surely "     I stopped. I could not trust myself to entertain, much less to express, the thought that rushed upon me that embodied itself that in a second stood out a strong, solid probability. Circumstances knit themselves, fitted themselves, shot into order. The chain that had been lying hitherto a formless lump of links was drawn out straight, every ring was perfect, the connection