half forgetting her former insults, he tried to make himself agreeable, by the housekeeper's account. "Missis walked in," she said, "as chill as an icicle, and as high as a princess. I got up and offered her my seat in the armchair. No, she turned up her nose at my civility. Earnshaw rose too and bade her come to the settle, and sit close by the fire; he was sure she was starved. " 'I've been starved a month and more,' she an- swered, resting on the word as scornful as she could. "And she got a chair for herself, and placed it at a distance from both of us. Having sat till she was warm, she began to look round, and discovered a number of books in the dresser. She was instantly upon her feet again, stretching to reach them; but they were too high up. Her cousin, after watching her endeavours a while, at last summoned courage to help her. She held her frock, and he filled it with the first that came to hand. "That was a great advance for the lad. She didn't thank him, still he felt gratifled that she had accepted his assistance, and ventured to stand behind as she examined them, and even to stoop and point out what struck his fancy in certain old pictures which they con- tained. Nor was he daunted by the saucy style in which she jerked the page from his finger. He contented him- self with going a bit farther back, and looking at her instead of the book. She continued reading, or seek- ing for something to read. His attention became, by degrees, quite centreed in the study of her thick, silky curls. Her face he couldn't see, and she couldn't see him. And, perhaps not quite awake to what he did, but attracted like a child to a candle, at last he proceeded from staring to touching. He put out his hand and stroked one curl, as gently as if it were a bird. He might have stuck a knife into her neck, she started round in such a taking. " 'Get away this moment! How dare you touch me! Why are you stopping there?' she cried in a tone of dis- gust. 'I can't endure you! I'll go upstairs again if you come near me.' "Mr. Hareton recoiled, looking as foolish as he could do. He sat down in the settle very quiet, and she con- tinued turning over her volumes another half-hour. Finally Earnshaw crossed over and whispered to me,--- " 'Will you ask her to read to us, Zillah? I'm stalled of doing naught; and I do like---I could like to hear her. Dunnot say I wanted it, but ask of yourseln.' " 'Mr. Hareton wishes you would read to us, ma'am,' I said immediately. 'He'd take it very kind---he'd be much obliged.' "She frowned, and looking up, answered,--- " 'Mr. Hareton and the whole set of you will be good enough to understand that I reject any pretence at kindness you have the