38 39 then I could see them pause, and hear speeches passed in a lower key, as if they were surprised to find the door open. But the pause was brief, for the blind man again issued his commands. His voice sounded louder and higher, as if he were afire with eagerness and rage. “In, in, in!” he shouted, and cursed them for their delay. Four or five of them obeyed at once, two remaining on the road with the formidable beggar. There was a pause, then a cry of surprise, and then a voice shouting from the house, “Bill’s dead.” Chapter 5. But the blind man swore at them again for their delay. The Last of the Blind Man. “Search him, some of you shirking lubbers, and the rest of you aloft and get the chest,” he cried. MY curiosity, in a sense, was stronger than my fear, for I I could hear their feet rattling up our old stairs, so that the could not remain where I was, but crept back to the bank house must have shook with it. Promptly afterwards, fresh again, whence, sheltering my head behind a bush of broom, I sounds of astonishment arose; the window of the captain’s might command the road before our door. I was scarcely in room was thrown open with a slam and a jingle of broken position ere my enemies began to arrive, seven or eight of glass, and a man leaned out into the moonlight, head and them, running hard, their feet beating out of time along the shoulders, and addressed the blind beggar on the road below road and the man with the lantern some paces in front. Three him. men ran together, hand in hand; and I made out, even through “Pew,” he cried, “they’ve been before us. Someone’s turned the mist, that the middle man of this trio was the blind beg- the chest out alow and aloft.” gar. The next moment his voice showed me that I was right. “Is it there?” roared Pew. “The money’s there.” Contents “Down with the door!” he cried. “Aye, aye, sir!” answered two or three; and a rush was made The blind man cursed the money. upon the Admiral Benbow, the lantern-bearer following; and “Flint’s fist, I mean,” he cried. Robert Louis Stevenson. Treasure Island. 40 41 “We don’t see it here nohow,” returned the man. “There’s Dirk again,” said one. “Twice! We’ll have to “Here, you below there, is it on Bill?” cried the blind man budge, mates.” again. “Budge, you skulk!” cried Pew. “Dirk was a fool and a At that another fellow, probably him who had remained coward from the first—you wouldn’t mind him. They must below to search the captain’s body, came to the door of the be close by; they can’t be far; you have your hands on it. Scat- inn. “Bill’s been overhauled a’ready,” said he; “nothin’ left.” ter and look for them, dogs! Oh, shiver my soul,” he cried, “if “It’s these people of the inn—it’s that boy. I wish I had