the merit of fitting to a nicety and adjusted my clean white tucker, I thought I should do respectably enough to appear before Mrs. Fairfax, and that antipathy new pupil would not at least recoil from me with antipathy. Having opened my chamber window, and seen that I left all things straight and neat on the toilet table, I ventured forth.     Traversing the long and matted gallery, I descended the slippery steps of oak; then I gained the hall. I halted there a minute. I looked at some pictures on the walls (one I remember represented a grim man in a cuirass, and one a lady with powdered hair and a pearl necklace) at a bronze lamp pendent from the ceiling, at a great clock whose case was of oak, curiously carved, and ebon black with time and rubbing. Everything appeared very stately and imposing to me; but then I was so little accustomed to grandeur. The hall door, which was half of glass, stood open; I stepped over the threshold. It was a fine autumn morning; the early sun shone serenely on embrowned groves and still green fields. Advancing on to the lawn I looked up and surveyed the front of the mansion. It was three stories high, of proportions not vast, though considerable a gentleman's manor-house, not a nobleman's seat; battlements round the top gave it a picturesque look. Its gray front stood out well from the background of a rookery, whose cawing tenants were now on the wing; they flew over the lawn and grounds to alight in a great meadow, from which these were separated by a sunk fence, and where an array of mighty old thorn-trees, strong, knotty, and broad as oaks, at once explained the etymology of the mansion's designation. Farther off were hills not so lofty as those round Lowood, nor so craggy, nor so like barriers of separation from the living world, but yet quiet and lonely enough hills, and seeming to embrace Thornfield with a seclusion I had not expected to find existent so near the stirring locality of Millcote. A little hamlet, whose roofs were blent with trees, straggled up the side of one of these hills; the church of the district stood nearer Thornfield; its old tower-top looked over a knoll between the house and gates.     I was yet enjoying the calm prospect and pleasant fresh air, and listening with delight to the cawing of the rooks, yet surveying the wide, hoary front of the hall, and thinking what a great place it was for one lonely little dame like Mrs. Fairfax to inhabit, when that lady appeared at the door.     "What! out already?" said she. "I see you are an early riser." I went up to her, and was received with an affable kiss and shake of the hand.     "How do you like Thornfied?" she asked. I told her I liked it very much.     "Yes," she said, "it is a