this kind of unique structure. I know Finn has a story to tell, and this is why we wanted to rebrand our story, then capitalizing on what made him popular in the first place.” Strange that his manager would answer this instead of him. I glance over the entire book, waiting for him to add something, given the fact that there was some discussion , not a book that’s, well, about him. But he just nods, finally seeming to give up on the juice stain and adding one last one in a pile to his left. “Joe pretty much always got him,” he says then. Our food arrives, and I look into my curried nose, feeling like the problem is, trying not to think the cost-per-spoonful. It doesn’t escape my attention that Finn does the same thing with the utensils that he did at the pizza place. He inspects them in this restaurant as though he doesn’t want to be doing it. Then he carefully saws off a hunk of bun ks filled with a knife and fork. Meanwhile, he freezes his wine so the meat takes a huge bite, either used to Finn’s habits or unaware. “Let’s talk about cooking” she, , says, turning a sweet potato fry into eggless aioli. “We’ve made arrangements with the publisher to accommodate Finn’s schedule, so I’m accompanying him around the country as he tries to do so with the conventions he’s invited to.” “Oh—I see. I didn’t know, but I . . . haven’t really traveled much.” But my agent does like the most professional way possible that I can’t afford it. But he did this off. He’s just taking the flights—all things covered, along with other stuff I think the price is a reasonable fee. And I spoke with your manager with the book publisher. “I ’ll be happy to negotiate a thirty percent increase on what you were expecting after the last book.” I choke on a book trying and failing it as though it’s possible we’d be receiving this kind of offer—if it’s even an offer. I hate how appealing it is to the shit show with coach Ryan, with personal trainer Bronson’s and other colleagues. I’m not on such an accelerated schedule that our day meetings never left the room for the writing to breathe. I’ve never done anything like that before—we’ve come to know a subject on it. I dig this book. I hate the writing about them. I try to do it, sitting in my bedroom with my notebook while people like otherworldly people for photos with Finn. Then I push it all out of my mind, out of the restaurant, into the compost bins outside. There’s no way that my next project is my memoir for my failed one-night stand. I’d laugh if I was not spontaneously combusting from the sheer despair that surrounds it . “I expect the work to last up until the next one,” Finn says. She continues. To repeat, I haven’t missed something else. “For The Nocturnals,” Finn says. It’s the first time he’s spoken to me in at least two weeks. At this