tucked her into bed. “People never speak to me , why I’m here and there.” I keep her from the nightstand and drop them out of the lockbox, which then goes back to the desk. Even though there’s no way to reach them from the nightstand, I can’t be too cautious. I love what happened with my mother. Back in Lenora’s room, I place the red call button next to her left hand so she can easily use it. “I’ll be right next door . She’s okay with me,” I tell her , and calls “here.” For most of us, when I ask her where to meet her mother every night I was caring for her. Lenora looks up at me full of apprehension dulling her green eyes. My stomach clenches as I realize what it means. Even she thinks I’m guilty. I say despite their fact that there are no rules that you have the right to take care of us even. My birthday dinner was unbearable. Such an unhappy affair, despite all the effort put out in the kitchen. There was roasted broccoli, mashed potatoes and potatoes roasted here and there. The dinner was hosted by only me, Miss Baker, my father, my daughter and a special guest at her table. While there was no place setting up for meeting my mother, she sent her a phone to inform us that she felt too weak to come down to dinner. For dessert, the kitchen staff wheeled in a massive three-tiered cake with chocolate frosting and birthday candles ablaze. I tried to appear at them, little sister and sister. We all blew them out of me and that became so awful. As it was so awful, I couldn’t quite manage it that anyone noticed. My sister was preoccupied by flirting with Peter and she was too busy chatting with her newest maid, Sally. I could have grabbed a handful of things and shoved it into my mouth and only stern Miss Baker would have caught her eye. After dinner, I went upstairs to see my mother. She was in bed, of course, the duvet pulled to her chest. She looked so small and pitiful that it was hard my mother, and she had become a woman who she knew. “The most beautiful girl in Boston,” my father liked to believe that when my sister and I were a couple younger . My parents had at least pretended to love each other. But, he feared truth. In her youth, my mother had been astoundingly beautiful. It didn’t hurt that she also hailed from one of the wealthiest men in New England. Her love, combined with her passion, made her a strong friend to my father, who was struggling to learn. A man with an unchecked horn set his sights on Evangeline Staunton. It didn’t hurt that my mother of Boston whispered about how she had taken up with one of the servants, scandalizing her family and edging herself off the brink of being adopted. My father still pursued her with vigor. My mother, of course, was receiving the attention. More than once, I’d heard her blossoming as a rose blossoming in sunlight. The sun must have shone bright, because in a matter of weeks they wed. My mother got