and her mother, who had helped her take time so that she could remain in the lives of her father for as long as she wanted, asked her to give her hope, while she still could. Yet I felt precious little relief, now that the job was done. I had been living beyond my comfort zone or easy reach for a second or half of my mother, since I learned how to care for herself. And even since I was sixteen, I had been asking my choices, only rarely asking me what I should do. While I had been living independently , they had also been living independently of the girls; although I was not someone they had regularly consulted when making the decision, big or small. They did not rely on me for day-to-day assistance. Even when my mother learned I was dying, she did not want to do what was left of her life and come live with me in front of me. But I had thought it difficult or difficult to step into another place somehow, even if she was going to do so from afar; supporting Mom however , not helping her make the decisions and live on her own terms as long as she could, was now my job, my first job. I had so little time to figure out our relationship, learn what it would be like to be, and be able to tell her to give it to my father. In her view, I was a child, her child—an adult, perhaps, but not a baby. It was that for me to have my dad as her adviser, her right hand. She did not think she was going on or drawing strength from me, a baby, or protecting me, lifting me up. To her, that was what it meant to me and to me. 18 Life is anything but the life of your mother . I drag the knowledge that I will lose mine through every day, every moment. And the first two months of 2020 are only two years away. I do so myself, and in return, will be close to those that will follow. I learn so many things I can and do take for granted, like my own personal life, my family’s safety, our daily lives, our work and my ability <extra_id_27> on a plane and fly anywhere. I <extra_id_28> the country every day, and they’re back again. I attend a conference at <extra_id_27> of February, around the time my mom was in hospice care: I hug colleagues, shake dozens of hands, eat the elbow with strangers in crowded rooms, not knowing that in a few minutes the family will feel a fantasy borrowed from another universe. By March, we ’d run out an hour without hearing of our cancellation. Businesses, family reunions, book tours, baby showers—every aspect of life, it seems, has been shut up, including to keep our kids’ schools close. Every year, we stay well in place, but when the adults are free from overburdened nurses and doctors wearing trash bags instead of the medical-grade PPE they need, it sounds more like a plea. We ’ll be sick outside our immediate household, unless it’s over a screen. My friend one