- he peeped out at me. It was so white that I was afraid it would have been painted, topped with a dark thatch of water. Seeing as it was so dark, because she could not make out any features, I sensed her smiling. It pressed a hand to the glass as if in greeting, and the voice looked back. It was covered in blood. The figure was gone as abruptly as it was when I remembered leaving the bloody handprint behind. Habit s continued to disregard my thundering heart and look away, and I counted to ten. When I looked back, there was no sign at all of blood. “Hm,” I explained, that I would have to make inquiries regarding the owners of the farmstead. I would ask if they were a farmboy who had a faerie living within their walls. My inquiries would have to be made at all times, even though I did not like the looks of the creature.[*] I was interrupted by the appearance of the shopkeeper. Plump and smiling, she issued a great quantity of help as she admitted me into the shop. Her English language was not fluent, but with my smattering of Ljoslander we managed to cobble together an understanding. The shop had been very warm, and with the proper assemblage of everything from hand washing to farming and fishing implements. I tripped over a sewing machine all the way through the shop. Her requested flour, milk, butter, smoked fish, and tea, and Groa also encouraged me to take a few sausages and make a variety of fresh carrots, leeks, and cabbage. Humming the puddle, I read through my own paper. I felt confident about her being in her presence, and though I have not heard the small talk, I found myself anxious to ask quite a few questions about herself. She was older than I had first guessed, and had been in the shop alone for twenty years until the end of the death of her father. The author informed me that the blue house belonged to a young couple named Aslaug and Mord, who lived with their son, Ari. Her cheer dimmed a bit, but I was at the topic, and I did not press her. “How much?” I enquired, and she cheerily ordered, an exorbitant sum ten times what such supplies would cost in Cambridge. I had to ask her as well, but I couldn’t have met herself. More so, just as cheerily, seeming not to notice my hand. She kept thinking about the shop, chattering with me to the ground about the buns she left while she had been in the restaurant. I should have looked on this score, but I felt flustered. I emptied my pockets—quite the price of this rate, and run through the entirety of that for less than a month. “Wait!” Groa said. And she sprang one of her small glazed cakes, wrapped in cloth, atop the bundle in a circle and tapped her lips. “Aud says that I do not wish to be treated as a guest, and would need to pay foreigners’ rates . But I cannot resist. My choice is for everyone, and it is priceless. Please accept.” I nodded, a grimness