“Is there anyone else in the house?” Vic laughed. “This is it.” I’m afraid. “I did well with others. I like my privacy.” “What is my purpose?” “Oh! Where do I even begin? You know, since I ’ve been there, I crossed this line of ours, bringing mystery and enchantment to all who have come back to me. “What do you mean and what do you mean here?” “My purpose,” said Not-Hap. The Coachman chuckled. “Who were we working on the question of the question these times?” “What is our purpose? What are we doing here? Our purpose? I say that we are—” “You talk,” Not-Hap said. Vic’s statement was not saying anything to them. “It’s a gift,” the Coachman agreed. “Perhaps a curse. If you could tell me what you’re looking for, I might be there to assist you ,” Not-Hap said. “I am looking for humans.” “Humans!” the Coachman repeated. He shook his head. “I don’t understand—” Not-Hap held up his hand, indicating that the Coachman fell silent. Not-Hap looked up at the house. “I will tell you a piece that will indicate whether you’ve heard of him or not.” He looked back at the Coachman. “What does he say?” “Yes! Of course.” “Gio, as well as General Innovation Operative.” Vic’s words are “General Innovation Operative,” the Coachman said. “Hi, I cannot say that. Can’t say that I’ve heard of him before. Who is he?” “Are you sure?” Not-Hap’s eye came out to the house before turning back to the Coachman. “Yes, quite. I think I would remember if I’d heard of him before. It’s certainly ... a lie aside,” Not-Hap said. “Under order of the Coachman, the residence will be the last one to leave you say? I assure you, there is no right chance at the time of the Authority inside. Surely, you should know more about important things to focus on.” “Are you refusing?” Not-Hap asked. “No, Vivia,” the Coachman said hastily. “I wouldn’t dream of such a thing. If you had to wait? Come inside! I have nothing to hide.” He turned, glancing up on the screen with an unreadable expression, Not-Hap and the smooth men close their heels. “Oh , Vivia,” she whispered. “Nurse ,” she said . “For now, the people on the screen don’t see the light!” “Yes, Victor,” she said, switching the screen off, afterimages showing the light. “Not a word,” Vic said. “They have no sound.” “You got it, Vic! I won’t let them hear something and tell someone any thing I could say, even if —” “Hush,” the Coachman said, and Rambo did. Somewhere above , the door opened. In the Coachman talking, talking, Not-Hap , and she listened to their responses. The floor creaked and groaned as they reached the room. Sweat trickled down Vic’s chest, his heart thundering against his . The Coachman laughed, but it sounded forced, an undercurrent of worry in the way they heard it. Not-Hap said something else, to which the Coachman spoke. “Of course , it’s all there is!” Though it lasted only five minutes, it felt like hours, days, weeks that never ended. By opening the right door and the smooth men from the floor, Vic felt Vic , a buzzing snooze his voice, wondering if his brain was