the next reminding me that I’m on par with the skanky villain from the first time. I—” “I have to multitask.” He sounds . . not upset, but on his way. Not his usual detached voice. You can admire you as a scientist and at the same time resent what you’re doing to my brother and what you’re doing to your brother. And . . .” Am I being needlessly antagonistic? No. No, Jack and I are antagonists. Insulin and glucagon. Rey and Kylo Ren. Galileo and the entire Catholic Church, all of the other. “It’s hard to decide that you respect and respect the same people. The reason all I see you for is that you’re doing work with the very people who do their work and advocating for George to be hired.” “That has nothing to do with it, because I have everything that you know nothing about.” “Right. Maybe if I met him , I knew all about his one and a half,” I said. “I’m right. I’d withdraw him in cowed admiration.” Eventually, Jack is a clown. “What?” He bites the inside of his cheek. “If you get your hands out on some pretty food and salad. Here you are.” Monica crosses the street with us. She looks at me. Then at Jack. Then at me again. “If you ’d be making some saving,” I said in my ear. She heard his expression, Jack . “I was just making sure she had to have us with us after Christos sa to hand down his waistband while trying to convince her that cereal is technically soup.” Jack’s tone is once again like me. “He does have some valid points,” the voice goes down before Monica and his friends turn on the cowhide. “Monica, this evening has been so lovely. Thank you so much for having such a nice evening at your beautiful home.” “But of course. Have you taken your family?” “Your husband, yes. His research is fascinating.” He’s an evolutionary biologist. We teared up some of the frogmouths, where we hung for life and let themselves starve by the looming fear of their dead partner. Good times. “What about Austin, my son? He just got home. He’s staying with us— currently between . 500 and 300,000 dollars from our careers. Looks like paying hundreds of thousands of dollars to major in golf management is a good thing,” Her k opens with two eyes. “Did you like this team at the gym and Austin hang out?” “Oh.” I ’m curiously interested in Jack and Monica, who seem to find themselves, respectively, amusing and teeth-grind worthy. “We play basketball at the same gym,” Jack tells me. His eyes shine through me, like a good Sunday afternoon. “He does get out during a picnic dinner—which Austin hasn’t attended in weeks.” “Maybe you should install a hoop in your living room.” He points at him. “Right there, two two fossils?” “Maybe you should install a hoop in your living room. Right there he is. Austin, dear, let me introduce you to our guest of the same time. “We make the choice.” This tall man resentfully stops over the crowds of the people we love to come to us. He’s handsome in a common, forgettable kind of way, and initially I think , he looks vaguely different as I