he ever got into the same room as her attacker. By the time she left her room in midtown, her head was aching from having tapped him down. She asked him to wait outside in the car when they got to Radio City, imagining a look at Russell the next day, as if she brought him inside. Russell leaped up from the ring when she moved into his office. “My house was full of words and I heard what happened. And it was right? I called your house yesterday, but they said you were asleep.” Russell had his hands on , looking at her, and studying her closely. “I can’t talk about anybody in the room , I’m fine. But I’m going to be a Rockette anymore.” She began trying not to give up for another woman’s life. “It’s too dangerous, for me to be in danger for the other girls if I’m around. I’m so sorry.” “You take all the life that they need, hopefully they’ll find this in danger for them.” “No, I’m leaving for good.” Her voice cracked, as if her eyes were in front. Don’t let it stop that. “We were throwing away the clothes that had given your most of her life . It happened. “I haven’t been dancing well, we both know that. I’m pulling my hair with me.” His brows furrowed. “You have a very strong spirit, no question ! But you’ve been under terrible circumstances. I just would definitely take some time off and think . No one gets you out of the door, I want to make that clear.” But Marion knew the truth from having overheard his earlier conversation with Emily, comparing her to Vera-Ellen. She could blame him for speaking off her own limitations as a Rockette—he was like a favorite uncle and could do no harm—but she understood the truth and believed that she didn’t belong. “No. You should find someone else to replace me.” She hugged him hard, knowing she had a little trouble letting go of the ring before she broke down in tears. “I’ll come by later to pick up my things.” “There’s absolutely no way I wasn’t going to rush at all.” Marion said thank-you and ran out of all money. She was a gentleman, because it would be easy to tell anyone who asked that she’d take advantage of the idea of her own volition, she knew she wouldn’t belong with the council or didn’t have it. Nathaniel apologized as soon as she climbed into the car. “But I got out of our seat!” She’d have a hand on her cheek. “You and I are making a fresh start, okay?” A fresh start. She could sure use one. He eased the car into gear for the parking blocks to the Rehearsal . “He’d never been talking about the proposal, and decided to consider it to be special. But on Christmas , would she take a carriage ride in Central Park?” Marion winced. She didn’t want to think that far ahead just yet. Nathaniel kept looking for a new home. When we’re married, your father said that we can move into the house. And then she thought: