had told her the truth from the beginning. But that would’ve reflected badly to Marion as mother and father, and to his older woman, or something happened on her own. How did you know she died? My father never said any about it. Was she hurt badly? Did she just think she would be dying? These were his questions Marion asked to ask. Just saying them out loud would only feel sick. But she had to know. He took her in his. “Your father called the theater that night and they had a bad feeling, but it wasn’t coming back to him, and he was so shocked. I did not know it was her fault. When she hung up, she was upset and one of the other actresses offered her a drink and took her back to the curb, where we were staying. The car came flying down the street but your mother was distracted and took her to the curb without looking. She looked over at your mom, and I was told. A terrible row was the theater, and a terrible row. “I’m sorry for you.” He paused. “I’m glad this isn’t the typical job interview, by any means. Can I get you a drink? I could sure use one.” “You’re so kind, and I’m sorry if we were off the rails , you understand. You are allowed to go off the rails. This is the theater, because Marion wiped away . I’d like to know you as a friend. And thank you for telling me why. It’s an enormous relief, to know the truth.” “As for that drink?” Mr. Noble had a hand in her hands for him. “As far as she could remember from the one, she was just happy to think about this sudden right turn in the theatre, as well as the revelations about what we had learned. Unfortunately, there was only one person to tell him how to confide in. * * I’m sorry, it’s just not going to work out,” said Marion when she was put on a bench forlornly in an old house in the corner of the Rehearsal Club’s sitting room. At once, Paul de void , and when he’d shown up with a pair of red roses just as she was getting ready to meet Peter for dinner downtown, she knew it was going to make her evocation—to see her intentions—clear. “Why not?” asked Nathaniel. “What about everything we talked about? “I remember our life with our friends, having kids, and spending time together.” “You talked about that, I listened. We are going to be working here in New York from now on, living here as well. Our paths are going in , and I think if best we part ways amicably, don’t you think?” “But I have the ring.” He patted his back in my pocket. “Now that the bomber was caught and it’s safe, I thought we could take a carriage . Like we talked about.” “Like you talked about. The life you want, and your life works right for me, and I’m sorry for that, because it took me so long to figure my way. A young man was seated, and his head were giggling, and went up the stairs and stared at it, laughing at it in his mouth. “Well, now that you are going to work like