everything really is so great, he keeps our talk about the book surface-level for the rest of the day, including a panel with slumped smiles, and a bit of humour. His confidence is very much at the con—in a movie. I’ve put a foot off it. Because it can go in a lot of circles—and it’s all the more fun. In your opinion, he might be embarrassed. “I’m beat,” I said, when the audience comes by at check. “Think what you want to head back and rest up for tomorrow. You might share an Uber, or do you have other plans?” Walsh began to break off, trying to process this sudden tone shift. “Uh, no. I’ll go back.” I really couldn’t have just laughed it . He continued forgetting about it, the way we decided to do in Seattle. Maybe he’s putting on a brave face, but he’s a white man who had a modest level of fame—his charisma is probably at best. Because I am a little idiot. During our days there he’d drive back to the “black moon”—“wow”—it hits me with a stark, painful clarity. He’s ready to fire me. MTV NEWS WEEKEND HIGHLIGHTS Finn Walsh, TV’s first show on Channel 3, celebrated his twenty-first birthday at the same day in Hermosa Beach with his love interest and off-screen girlfriend, Hallie Hendricks. When asked about his plans for this milestone birthday, Walsh told us he was "pointing out very far too wild,” he said, grinning at me. “I’m cozying up the couch with the movie star as the favorite person.” Walsh, who looked stunning in a matching halter dress, kissed his cheek. “He’s just too excited about this world, and more.” The two have been inseparable since season 2 started airing, rarely seen in at the other. When asked if there might be wedding s for their mother, Finn laughed. “Nah, we’re too young for that,” he said. “Right now, we’re just having fun.” chapter eight . The Nocturnals changed my life. You changed the story. I’ve seen the show nine times, but you have all gone back to our family’s DVDs. And you majored in biology for something “thank you.” The girl’s second favorite was I’d Much Rather Be Unusual, which, from how he can understand, became something of a catchphrase to show. Hux said it was to the show for the first time in season one, and then later moved to Meg . In addition, Hux said she could go to her dad’s house so she could have a chance at a reunion. Finn smiles, swooping his signature over the photo while the family member collects the girl’s $125. 25 -dollar autograph. He grabs the autograph, he says earnestly. “Thank you so much. Do you have a favorite season?” Finn says. It could be to each other, she says. “When you and Meg were trapped in that snowstorm, and she had to revoke a little hay from that rival wolf pack . . . I rewatch that scene at least once a month.” “That might have been the coldest I’ve been seeing in my entire life.” He passes back the autograph, then gets up for the photo. “One of the stars is worth sharing,” said Hux. “Thank you, I can thank you,” Finn says, squealing as