consider the police doing that interrogation,” said Peter. “Nicely done. We’ll get into the city so we could pass this all on to Somers.” “I want to see that whole thing.” Marion started walking toward the house. “Where are you going? This is crazy!” Marion grew up with her. “We’ll just peek into the outside windows of the garage.” She checked her watch. “They ’ll just look back for at least an hour.” The windows, unfortunately, were of the same type. She tried the door, but it was closed. “We’re going to get some people in jail for trespassing,” countered Peter. “Let’s not say that they don’t help that come this far. Who was your family who had had the entire house, during his spell? They had plenty of information and she had an idea and more. If they found some concrete evidence, then Somers and Ogden would have to step up. The window was strewn with old car ’s rusting cans. A small set of screws pushed through the back door. Marion crept closer . “It’s open. The back door, look.” The door seemed to have gotten worse. For years after fully closing, the frame around him had changed in places. Marion said there was something behind her. She began walking around, but she didn’t respond. Up on the porch, she pulled it open. It squeaked uneasily. Inside was a dingy kitchen with a tile floor. A stack of dishes filled the room. A pipe with talons and the air smelled of onions and grease. Through another door was a parlor with several pictures of Jesus nailed into the wall with a swivel of floral wallpaper. Lace curtains had turned a disagreeable shade of light brown, almost an oatmeal, and hung rust and grease. “We can’t be here, Marion,” said Marion. And he heard a loud whisper. “What if there ’s another door?” Marion smiled. “Look, Marion.” She pointed to another room on the other side of the vestibule. “That’ s his bedroom, I think that’s going on.” Marion sat up to the front door and put aside the curtain to hide something so you could see out. Satisfied no one was coming, he followed Marion. “A quick shot, and then a picture of here.” The room was barely full. Peter, a dresser sat down with an umbrella, pair of subway tokens and a pair of jeans. “He’s my God.” Marion started staring down at a small bedside table, where something had been tucked under the base of the table. “It’s time for a little while for Radio City and his friends,” Marion leaned down to her bed. He was right. Two tickets, seats 608, and 602, to see the one-o’clock movie at Radio City on Monday, December 17. Today was the sixteenth. Marion began to shake the blue from her face. Tomorrow, the Rockettes would be showing the Christmas Spectacular at noon, right before the one-o’clock showing. “Radio City’s his next target.” Marion’s body began to shake as the sky was on. He had a terrible shake when Peter went back. “What do we do? Do we need to take them and bring them to the police?” she asked. Peter shook his head. “That ’s it’s time to tip our hand. He’ll know someone was here, that