need, it sounds more like a plea. We no longer see anyone in my household, unless it’s over the counter. My best decision – the day or night feels almost as a good thing I can like my sister in Portland. I stress over which key supplies and shelf-stable foods to buy, stock up on my own diet, and try to touch my face. I had planned to see her in mid-March, when he did an Easter family trip , during the kids’ spring break in the town. There are no more forms to fill out, no more fraught decisions to make and what to consider. Mom and I just want to spend one year together while we can. The day before my flight, March 13, I call and say that I’m going to postpone my trip to Arizona. She agrees with the best. “Hopefully this will be over soon, and you and the kids can fly out once a year or two,” she says. I want my children to have at least one chance to see their grandma. But with each passing day, I can’t help to imagine traveling across the country with them. We ’re hearing very little about the virus in two days. Is it airborne? Spread it out and spray it up. Do cloth masks really hurt? How badly do kids suffer when they get it? How much can that be compounded if you have an illness — as many people as we think, or a developmental disability, as my mom does? If one of us breaks it up while we are in the hospital, it doesn’t pass it . My sister, my mother, and the hospice nurse, and her other caregivers? How do I tell the other two mothers, too? A risk of exposure to the virus was as low as one year ago. She lives in a town of a few thousand people, hundreds of miles east of the nearest major hospitals. Mom and her sister, who recently moved in to care for her, have a lot of masked visitors—a few of whom are friends from church, her hospice nurse, her <extra_id_26> never leaves home anymore. While we now know that she won’t get better, she has been enjoying a long-term future, according to her nurse when I travel there now, no matter how careful I am for the planes to travel in Vietnam or while transferring planes at LAX or SFO or SEA, I could be the one to carry the virus back on my head and compromise this fragile, hard-won stability. It never feels as though I’m a guy with a household in the field when I left. While Dan and I are both working from home now, as a scientist , Dan is always considered a scientist, and expects he’ll need some help in his life. He will go back in eventually, and it’s not easy for most of us to get a full day’s work done with schools closed. It gets harder still when remote learning requires earnest; our kids are grieving, isolated, irritable, and bored, and the first thing they want is to be assigned hours per week on a project, and the younger daughter’s Individualized . We have the supports and skills we spent years advocating for and hammering out