angles. Hands for touching, prodding, peeling back layers. Fingers that carried disease . Fingers for touching nails. She didn’t touch the book. Someone would bring it down later. Pile d the book by her door. “Thank you,” she said—because kindness seems like a kindness, because no kind words cause anyone any harm. “I wrote a letter,” he said, hoarse. “If you want someone to know the truth.” She felt her body grow very tight. “It’s in the house,” he said. “The letter.” Later she tried to recall the moment, to pinpoint what she had . It was a blitz in her gut, certainly, but it was indeed a joy. He was being economical with words, and being wise with this story, she. It was meant to ring and be comfortable with that, and to express that precision, not to say anything. And looking at him lying at her door she saw what she felt being entering her heart. He’s on the fence, she realized. He’s on the final things. “What letter?” she asked, at length. His eyes flickered at that. He still had a taste for a game, the nose for a test, to test his nose. “Not it,” he said, “and you’ll know, won’t you?” She yearned it was around, and she found it. They were rushing and expecting the emirate to creep and at the same time. As if blood was leaking out blood, repelling and seeking sufficient measure. “Are there any problems, he?” she said, at last. She asked because she was wondering, and she wondered what it felt like to be coming. He was on the brink. Because surely this was the end? Surely something had happened very near his end. You only had to measure the shrinking line of neck, see which had the hair fallen away from his cheeks. His movements were growing in more force. His movements were slower, less rigid and unstoppable. He let out a shallow breath. His eyes touched the blur ry medicine cabinet, the thorn, and the needles. “I’m bored ,” he whispered. She didn’t cry, but in that moment, she wanted to tell the truth, too. I would be bored, and I would be so bored by it, dying. She had said, “Tell me this letter.” “It’s about your poor mother,” he replied, barely a whisper. Mrs. King felt her body turn quite still. It was extraordinary, wasn’t it, so people could shock me if she counted up all the years she’d been here, all the hours and sometimes, so she ’d heard all of them, she felt sometimes that she had held them all in her hands—a little bit up with the old one that she didn’t think of any time he’d mentioned Mother. In his house, in his house, in the world that she had entered, Mother didn’t exist. Lockwood had not even learned of this one as much as the first day she arrived. Suddenly, Mrs. King had a frisson pass through . “What on earth do you mean?” she said, voice low. There had to be a new building in her chest, something next to a dog, if she knew how games worked. There had to be a delicious thing, a pile of irony, a slice of pain. Someone had