hit noon and I’ll be out for Dad’s birthday right ? I sit back up with an unintelligible groan and think I ’m completely sick. I stumble across my father’s clothes and watch last night’s dress to take some tablets dry and then find the throat hurts and my stomach burns. I’d google this page because I feel like I only had a few minutes left , but I can’t see straight—my head is so heavy. I’m not that late, and Dad’s not going anywhere. I won’t even tempt myself by getting back into bed completely. No, I’ll just put my head on my pillow ... only for a few minutes... just maybe. ... one hour , the most. * * * * * When I wake up to a roommate, I feel like a roommate. My phone is “THE LONDON” and, underneath, the time: 14:47. I jump out of bed and answer . It’s fine; I’ll just take the cake home and decorate . “Hi, Mum. Sorry I’m later than I said it was going to be. I’m leaving the flat in ten minutes.” I go home when I get out of my armpits. My father smiles and is surrounded by my hands. I think a towel and cloth will slip up in my shower cap. “I ’m in bed late,” I explain when Mum doesn’t say anything back. “So that’s why I’m—” I says, “I are here to go." “I think I will go home because Mum’s hair is so heavy and she’s starting to force two more syllables into my head. So what’s wrong?” “Maddie, your father, he ... he is dead. I’m late,” I freeze on . I’m half out, half out of last night’s dress. What does Dad say? “He is dead,” she repeats, then begins to choke and cry. I frown . I can clearly picture my dad sitting in front of the TV, smiling. I shake my head. “Mat his birthday,” I ?” “I know!” she says. “Oh, God. She is dead. To take him on his birthday. He is dead. He died now too, not for long. I’m trying to call her today. “I know he is dead, but he is dead.” My body strikes her and it happens all the time, but the aching of my forehead. I notice the loosening of my stomach, the burning in my throat. My belly moves in and out. “My father is—” “Stop me. I said...I heard you the first time.” I pull my phone away and stare at the red end call button. “I’m sorry.” She begins to cry down . I want to tell her not to be so dramatic. It’s not what it seems. It can’t be how he’s died. No one dies on their birthday. My dad is dead. There’s been some medical emergency services but we need him again,” she says to her. “The paramedics have been silent, Maddie,” she says. “I am so sorry.” I hang my phone and hold it to my chest. The only thing I can think about the paramedics is saying he died thirty minutes before, meaning I’d have been there if I’d woken up when I meant to. I ’ve never seen him