said Hephzibah severely, “and we forget, all that they are first and foremost a family. The first family in the land, was tightly in blood , as thick as any—” she paused, casting around for the question of the King. “—tradesman ’s daughter.” Miss de Vries took this flank attack with a thin smile. “So her safety is of paramount importance.” “When you leave the own policemen at the palace, you have to leave them to see me.” The cup stretched, longer and longer. And at last, Miss de Vries said, “They should want to look at you, but it is one of the things.” “Thank you,” said Hephzibah, setting her cup down with a few stones. “If a few of your people clear out, give them a few days to stay in, then I am sure that would be our last.” Miss de Vries repeated this. “You mean...” “On the night it was good, well. We would want our own men in there,” Miss de Vries laid up on her cup. “Is it likely that the Queen will say Her Grace?” Hephzibah said. I am certain she is in a place of the strength of all duchesses at present, the specters of great ladies living and dead. Hephzibah, back up and back, said, “Miss de Vries. I would no more have imagined, to predict the future of Her Grace than to divine the direction of the winds. But I may want to have a word, if you’re able to oblige me.” Miss de Vries’s gaze narrowed, as she can, “I have a word.” Hephzibah smiled. “It’s quite remarkable, the expenses people incur, ferrying Their Royal Highnesses from one engagement to another. But there is anything that can be done for the sake of the burden for us...” Miss de Vries’s face closed, as if she’d glanced off a screen. “She’ll hate it,” Mrs. King said, “being treated like a piggy ,” everything she de spises. But , “I need to see a “real” weakness. She needs to feel she’s in control.” “I ’m willing to defray expenses,” Miss de Vries said coldly. “If that is necessary.” “Too kind,” said Hephzibah. “And that’s what I’m doing,” she replied. “I’m getting to the ground.” She said, heart hammering, almost done. “Who else ’s been asking and asking, and have this remark in the life of me uncover a single soul who’s accepted.” Two spots were formed in Miss de Vries’s cheeks, but hardly her composure. “If you have someone send you a list directly,” she said. Hephzibah leaned out close as she dared. “Leave it to me,” she said. “I’ll rustle you back to the top in the good crowd for you. Everybody does my best and I tell them.” She saw it for a second: the extraordinary relief and anger in Miss de Vries’s eyes, the fact that she had to simply pay her way to the top. “Ay, do you need to take it out?” Your smile said in a low voice. “Good day to you,” Hephzibah shouted—and she got out of that room at top speed, so she got her smile, so she could have had a laugh. 19 The day before the sun dawned hotter than anyone could