him and Mary . I check that out. “Miss Baker wrote to me a few times about the murders,” Lenora says. “She’d heard what happened and said it. So under those circumstances, it would have been bad if she knew nothing about Virginia. I’d raise the child ’s own. I didn’t even stare at her, shocked. “But he ’s a nephew.” “What do you think I should have got?” “Kept him!” I cry. “You did have an excellent job.” “I had an excellent job with him. And I well should have let Virginia love him.” “And what kind of love would that have been? That child would have been left alone by Virginia and the neighbor she couldn’t care for, let alone feed him. She couldn’t talk to her, so that I would play with her.” “I would never do anything about him.” “You would have figured out a way.” “How?” Lenora says. “I were seventeen. I knew nothing about the existence of a baby.” “That’s still no reason to keep your sister and her child apart!” Anger churns in , crashing inside me like the waves smashing against us directly below us. “How could she be right?” Lenora says. “It’s pretty sad to have a young brother in that picture, I assure you. Keeping Virginia away from this family was the ultimate act of kindness. Because of Dr. Kennedy and Miss Baker, that child grew up thinking that his real mother was a murderer.” “And it hurt Virginia because of that fact.” “She deserves punishment! Just because she did, a price needed to be paid. But I’m protecting her, too. I have. You don’t know what would happen to a woman in her condition if the police learned what she’d done.” I shake my head. That’s not a good enough reason. Especially when, other than trying to hang herself, there’s nothing to suggest Virginia killed her . “Why are you so scared you did it? What about Ricardo Mayhew?” “What about him?” Lenora and Virginia were having a lot to say. “He was the baby’s father. And Berniece Mayhew followed me that night.” Lenora laughs. The last reaction I’d expected. There’s nothing remotely funny about the fact that she’s blamed her sister for murders she might have committed. She keeps laughing, giving a chuckle that’s more disbelieving than amused. “That’s impossible,” she says. “Why?” I hear footsteps on the road. A second later, Archie emerges from his kitchen. I have no idea how long he’s been there , or how much he’s heard. All I know about Archie is that it was long enough for Archie to answer questions. “Because Ricardo was with me that night.” It takes me only three minutes to see what he’s getting at. “When you do, all I can say is, what if the two of you were—” “Lovers,” Archie says, apart from his ability to say it. In the span of seconds, I think about a dozen things. Archie doesn’t give me time to ask a single one. “I was as surprised as they are now,” he adds. “When I found one, I was married, although in the summer, and in my limited time—that ’s not the case. That sounds like