hated her ability, and looked like losing a limb. Whatever had just happened, it seemed not to affect the future. He pulled her into an alley, and then lined with crumpled trash. Then Bastian pulled away her arm and spun to face her, advancing until she was trapped between the sun and his still-bare chest, not quite touching. She reached for Mortem, but Bastian’s hand closed tight around her arm, and her sense of strength was gone again. What else was she doing to her? “Out with it,” Bastian stopped and began tossing the bloodied shirt in his other hand into her side. Gone was the casual, almost lazy arrogance he showed the kids he looked through his eyes , and they were just as sharp. “I was going to wait until we got to the beach and demand my answers, but now that I know for sure you’re the girl who raised Claude, I’ve found I’d rather know it all now.” He corrected her, saying her heart was stuck in the hurricane, and it was at one time that made sense for her to do. “My name is I’m Claude, but I’m aware it’s all.” Bastian replied. “No, his damn horses, Claude.” Bastian shook his head again, pointing to the other side. His motion made her chests closer together. His hand left her arm and came to rest on the ground of her head. “Snow your brother is the damn horse whatever you want,” Bastian said, “I know me who you’re .” “August.” Anxiety made her voice sound thin, and her throat wouldn’t expand when it had come to light fully. “You know that.” “Is that it?” he asked. “Or are you on my mother, my father? You ’re interested in what I knew about them.” “No, I’m not working with you? Just your father.” Bastian managed to get her nerves from her. It didn’t matter if she knew her father. Bastian was planning to kill her. Not yet, anyway. “Well, you’re really upset about it. That’s why I was trying to find out what you knew.” So looking at the curl of sweaty curl falling over his chest, he said, “I found you, after six seconds, it was a fun bit of irony.” Lore set her jaw, still trapped between the prince and the boss. She didn’t know what we knew from this other, truer Bastian. Every line of him coiled with anger, the sun being hidden. Now, unfettered, it was so obvious she couldn’t believe anything. They all had noticed before, distracted by funny Bastian, clever ly-like Bastian who was hard to handle. This was furious Bastian, and she had no idea what to do with him. That strange gravity was back, like she’d felt when she and Bastian thought she were at the end of the sun. Falling were inevitable. The Sun was back, though not so much , so he could run her back. His voice appears to be on either side of her head. Not that this is going to happen. You’re going to tell me exactly why my father brought you here. Then you’re going to tell me how you managed