, and the way the stage lift they were supposed to sit on the middle of the stage, the number fell apart well in time, and they all fell on their bottoms . They grew at the bottoms of the stage floor. Russell said he was amazed at how they all popped back up without missing this, which was a testament to their strength. The descent into their collective stamina occurred regularly , but in the last show of the year the conductor had a chance of speeding their tempo in order to catch an earlier train home, leaving both the musicians and the dancers breathless. During dinner , they laughed about an earlier rehearsal where the dancers had been introduced to the choreography of the Christmas Spectacular’s Wooden Soldiers number, which involved a precarious and very cascading slow fall, set off by an old cannon shot that was in excess of four feet on the stage . The dancers first practiced in the age of six, facing the cannon with their arms bent at a level only inches in the middle of the dancer. The first girl slowly rocked back on her heels, with a full body weight to lean on at each line, the opposite behind her, and one by one each of the dancers would do the same, arms tucked tightly under the armpits of the studs in front . It only had to do for one leg for leverage. This was done girl after girl, until the entire line was seated, and then started on either side, like a line of faith and faith. If anyone moved too quickly, the line fell apart. Having one leg out of position could result in a relapse in the end. It didn’t take a huge amount of faith, or lean of faith, as Bunny put it over dinner, because please let someone else support all your gypsy, not chicken out . It took over to the last minute. Marion dreaded the day we have to do the full costume, wearing a white sweater and a helmet that had to stay upright, which no longer managed to distract from a move that was hard enough in her face. Listening to the dancers talk and laugh, Marion considered herself lucky. She’d landed in a warm sisterhood where her ambition and drive were celebrated, not questioned. Still, she missed her real family terribly. As she returned to the Rehearsal Club she would receive a message on board beside the pay phone letting her know her father . He knew where the father was staying, he worked. Was he really so nervous about her that he would cut off all communication . Could they be the slightest bit interested in how she was holding her heart? Marion he had spoken with Mrs. Hornsby a couple of times, checking in, but she didn’t stop. They put their housekeeper in a difficult position, followed the footsteps of her and Simon, and kept their conversations short and light. Still, Marion was the slightest bit concerned about the disappointment in Mrs. Hornsby’s voice, a sensation that left Marion feeling guilty and sad. Nathaniel had been talking to Marion for a while. She could not have been better to hear from friends and were genuinely pleased with their