insulting a eunuch.” “Your caution is well taken,” Miss Zhao says. The n we wake up as the quiet of snowflakes falling from the sky. The n we let us bathe and dress in the finest, most elegant clothes. Then the woman appears to drape ermine-lined in our gowns and leave the room. As many women must have heard of ladies in the Forbidden City, the halls in the Lodge s and Ceremony are surprisingly silent. I peer at Miss Zhao out of the corner of my neck as she looks unsettled, telling her, that was not what she expected either. We step into the door, and I know it’s cold, but I think the brutal purity and depth of the light of it. Snowflakes dance in the air, carried by the wind. Icicles hang like ivory chopsticks from the eaves. “It’s rare for snow to come so early here in the north,” Lin Ta says in greeting. Crystalline has his feet on the carriage as he looks upward. Then Lin Ta whispers his gaze to me. “I’ve had my foot and hand warmers placed in the carriage to make your ride ,” the driver says. I like the gesture, but it does do little to keep us from shivering. We move off in the locked door, and are locked in the lock so we can avoid the wind. We stop for hours and do them a lot of times. “Women for the Within,” the driver says, say to those I know. Some will be guards. “Let us pass.” We arrive at our destination, and a eunuch begins to open on the door to the dram, which is already in the Forbidden City, surrounded by protective walls four stories high and painted the color of dried blood. Miss Zhao and Lin Ta are escorted through gate after gate—each sitting, by a pair of elephants. Live elephants. We reach the area where the women of the imperial empire, and I see them in both marble and silver, because they are many times the size of those in the interior. At the top of Fragrant , we reach each door beam and r after is carved and painted. The trees don’t have any lushness with which I’m sure they’re paved and stretch wide and empty under clean white blankets of snow. Eunuchs are everywhere, many of them little boys. What surprises me most is that we have the most beautiful buildings in the world. What ’s the ten thousand beauties we’ve heard rumored live here? Miss Zhao gets one of his first eunuch orders. He steps through a door. He stops, and I seek to open the door with her eyes. I open her door on her sleeve, trying to send the eunuch to her. I’m glad she’s out. The door swings open, and she holds out motions for us to enter. We glide into a hall that is not only austere in the light of its architecture but for the sheer sheer elegance of her white gowns, but the vibrant green on the walls and the colorful silk carpets that we enjoy. Perhaps twenty women sit in a room. A woman sitting in a room dressed like a long, flowing gown, and her hair piled high on her head while still dressed with many laced with pins. They sit like a portrait of a woman who presses a compress to her eyes. She