were done. The silence that followed was brutal, as those final seconds of silence interrupted as a message echoed under my head: “I definitely fell in love with you, by the way.” Then a gasp—and “Shit! Shit! Shit!” Then, of course. Best wishes? Best wishes? Best wishes? Who knew what ended up in the most miserable time in human history? Best frigging wishes? But I had a comforting thought: It was what it really was. When I wanted to listen to me at Twenty-Nine I WENT TO bed and feeling at first were my choices. I woke up the next day feeling nice and irritable. I really just called the guy who ghosted me—and thanked him? Then Where ’s your partner? You don’t thank people who put your heart in a flurry of despair? You don’t thank people who abandon you. You don’t thank people who make you cold and feel scared and then turn away when you get ready for help. That was my plan? To absolve him of all responsibility . I was pleasantly move to bed. He hated me and left for no apparent reason without even an explanation—and he’d acted like I was an idiot. Not cool. And I thought it was an interesting idea to leave him a grateful voicemail . Yes. Apparently I did. Which made me even angrier. At least it’d probably hurt us. Because how would I be supposed to get over it if I was a victim? Or maybe getting consumed with rage ? For the sake of that I’d already embraced it ... Fine then. No more moping, no more weeping, no more pining . Now since I had seen the future I’d lost , it was time to be okay. For it was time to stop. It was very healing—burning through me with a purifying fire. Sue approved. When she returned from her kidnapping elopement a few days later, we gave the host one last, long hearty evening . I decided it was a lucky near miss for me, made a list of things that could set me up , and got my job done during the rest of a while brainstorming what the hell, now, I should do with my career. Sue voted for my post, but she always had a way with color. She’d been also considered interior designer, knitting-store owner, and boutique hotelier in the Swiss market. The bad news was the parents were throwing her an ugly flop. “They’re not mad that you can’t do that !” Sue said. “Nope,” Sue said, like she had been saying “I love him. I’ve knitted him a sweater , and with my heart on it.” Apparently, Sue’s mom thought the changes would happen very well, though she thought Witt was a sweet boy and was a caring provider. And she was a huge fan of his own knitting. Turned out very well . Sue had been planning a little birthday celebration during Sue’s entire cross-Canada train ride—texting pictures of flower arrangements and table settings back and forth—and her mom already had his ear thrown out for the Friday night after the newlyweds returned. “We had a huge fans,” Sue said. “Between