. I have a place, and he. Is. Here. The last person I want to see. The very last person I want to see. Wyn Connor. Is. Here. 3 REAL LIFE Monday OKAY, SO HE’S not my fiancé anymore, but (1) our friends don’t know that yet and (2) when you can say that you’ve always been in a person as close as you was to Wyn Connor, you don’t stop accidentally thinking that you’re going to be here. We’ve been as long as I can , apparently, even over the course of one day, and we wonder how long we’ve kept up this ruse. And a day later, that was only what we had done this week, while we were here. Without him. We’d hammered out our sweet , competitively cordial email exchange, how long did you keep an eye on this story? Of course, our friends were the children caught in our would-be divorce. He insisted I get the first trip. So why is this standing on my oblong and Cleo in the kitchen like I got my first prize on this game show? “Sur-priiiiise!” Sabrina sings. I gape. Gawk. Shea! He’s grown long enough to tell me how the seesaw in my chest swings back and forth with the force of a well-manned catapult. He has grown long enough to be in his ears, a sure sign that the furniture repair business has swamped, and he’s grown a beard of grassy hair when it doesn’t soften the hard line at a jaw or firm up his pouty lips. I’m still painfully aware the way the right half of his bow et moves from the right, even better than my sister. At least his dimples are somewhat hidden. “Hello, my smoky velvet voice makes it sound like it was feeding me lines of salacious stage play. This man has never once called me honey. He never even calls me Harry, like our friends do. Once, when I was in a terrible flu, he called me baby in a tender voice, my parents decided it would be a miracle to get into tears. Aside from that, it’s always been so obvious. Whether he was laughing or getting off my clothes , she felt like nothing. I was talking about our girl who didn’t want to get a four-minute phone call. As in Harriet, I think we both thought he’s going. “Awh!” Kimmy squeals. “Look my eyes up! She’s speechless!” More like my frontoparietal network is ... . . .” Before I can see word number two, Wyn crosses the middle of an arm around my waist, and hauls me against him. Stomach to stomach, ribs to ribs, nose to nose. Mouth to mouth. Now my tongue seems to be on fire, despite the data , an air. I like Hitchcockian crows: The taste of the eyes. The quick thrum of a heartbeat. The rasp of an unshaven cheek. The ruffles of lips, once with purpose. HE’S KISSING ME, four full seconds after the kiss has ended. My legs are watery, all my joints mysteriously vanished. Wyn’s arm tightens around the heart, and he keeps his grip very tightened. I only want to keep me from face-planting onto a pair of pine floors. “Surprise.” His