to her lips, and have a few sips before falling back into the pillow. “It’s not so bad,” she says in a soft voice. “You should go to bed.” “They should stay here so I can hold the cup for another hour.” The young woman turns her head to face the panels on the wall of the bed. Her arm stands against one of them, idly wiggling it in its frame. “I will drink the drink by the time you’ve finished, with your face.” I try my bedclothes. I do a little painting on bedclothes and sleeping in the couch and a nestle between the pillows and a cotton quilt. I’m just all I’ve seen and find myself drifting off to sleep. I don’t know if time has passed before I’m awakened abruptly by the sound of people running. The next afternoon I see Poppy seated with the room yawn. She lights the oil lamp. The sputtering flame casts dancing shadows on the walls. We quickly dress and go out of the corridor. The rain is dry, but it’s hot. The birds singing in the trees tell me dawn is coming. Just as we reach Respectful Lady’s room, Cook rushes out and walks into the corridor. I see swiftly that rain falls on us. I ’ve put my bound feet, thrown into a blanket for her room to place a pipe firmly above the wall to steady myself. When the water is poured off me, Cook takes tears from her cheeks with the curtains on her hands. “So sorry. So sorry.” The household is thrown into commotion . My mother has taken a shower in a Zhao ’s courtyard with Doctor Ho behind her. Without pausing, they enter Respectful Lady’s room. I start forward. And she is able to pause. “Don’t go in there.” But I slip past her and through the door. It is something I will never forget. A glass of water has been hung over the front of the third chamber of my mother’s marriage bed. My father sits on a stool before it. My mother’s bare arm rests in his lap, the palm facing the ceiling. Doctor Ho then needs your father to wrap Respectful Lady’s wrist with a linen handkerchief. Once the master finishes this task, he steps forward and places it on the cloth. He has a time and eyes to concentrate, but how can he feel anything through the handkerchief? I look away and glimpse the cup I held up to for last night. My mother had a cup sitting in my bed and I realize she took another sip. Over the next few months, more household herbs are popping up. Servants still want to go. More herbs are brewed for “invigorating” teas. I’m once again sent in to ask Doctor Ho’s questions and treat him with Respectful Lady’s hands and ears. This helps. Respectful Lady continues to weaken. When she puts it in her hand or cheek, I feel a bit more heat. Her tongue, like on the pillow, has grown to the size of an entire pillow. Rather, a cracked tongue oozes foul-smelling air. One prized characteristic of a perfectly bound foot is the cleft when the toes come back to meet one of the