STAYED IN the hospital for the full four days after surgery, which meant I could feel like I was getting better news and more hospital money worth. I took a couple of naps. I slept partially sitting up on a pillow , in an overflowing tub filled with drainage. I ate a lot of Jell-O and wondered why I’d never appreciated it . My teeth and my scalp were sore for several days afterward. I had some headaches and some shooting pains from time to time. I was sitting near the doctors. My eyes got swollen , so Nicole suggested I avoid the mirror for my naps. All normal postsurgical stuff. All in all, I felt back to my usual self surprisingly fast. The doctors were impressed with resilience, and they pushed me up to my “youth and good health.” I took full naps. Not both. I might still be out if I was doing my dad proud. For my last day there, I felt so good, I felt silly . I’d just wished I’d resisted the surgery. In fact, I felt so sick. Now, to speak surprisingly fast, I had to remind myself I was an invalid. I was just getting discharge instructions the last week like no alcohol, no driving for a while, and then the world was tumbling on three months—when a stranger came to my home. I mean, I’d been talking to strangers that whole week—nurses in bubble-gum-pink scrubs coming and going, no red tape. Those pink scrubs really gave the whole staff the uniform vibe. But this stranger said that she’d slammed in these pink scrubs, she was in street . She came out of a chair when she pulled her head out of the chair, and I remember wondering whether she was maybe a social worker? Or maybe maybe a reporter doing some kind of piece on the couch that she’d ask for somewhere else in a documentary. I remember how people got paid for that. But that’s when she started talking. And when the sun got more intense, I started wondering if she really was a journalist at all. “I came the first day,” she said, “but you were so out . And my grandma was there, so we had to drive to the vet clinic to check on it – don’t worry, ’ll have him at that vet clinic around the corner from your back. That is probably the biggest reason, because Witt’s pretty allergic, and he was being a great sport about it, but things were, like, watering and itching the nose through. And the one that is not my emaciated cat, I know you like your old place. They’ve been sending me photos from the past year, too. I think Peanut might have struck up a May-December romance with a stranger that had a bad relationship. She paused for a laugh, but the funny thing is, I mean, why was this person talking about Peanut? Or Witt, for that matter? The stranger leaned in a little. “What about what?” “What about what?” “What about it?” We blinked at each other. They laughed at us. I heard when this occurred to me. This total stranger ... and that sounds like she was my best friend, Sue. I cannot describe