I sat quietly for the past three days, mind wheeling. I had long suspected that Bambleby is part of his faerie aristocracy. That he has the line for one of their thrones is something I had not guessed, though that was not what alarmed me. What does he want with faerie doors? “Why were you able to ask questions mere academic curiosity? Why did he ask you anything else?” I held the faerie hand around his head, as my suspicion grew. “What does you tell him?” The faerie was almost sitting in my lap now, his long fingers curled possessively about my cloak. “There are no other doors in this forest. I’ve seen one. Perhaps they’re just out there. But doors move with the snows, or they just walk from the inside out the older ones. Maybe I’ve seen them hither and thither . My friend said, “And wind blows towards the north.” He woke up at night. “I will be here soon.” My hands tightened on the grass. “How did my friend react to this information?” “I don’t know. He left and now he’s gone.” As the brownie seemed distressed, I reminded him of the chocolates I had given him. In truth, he was partly in concern for my cloak— now striped with holes from Poe’s touch—as well as the leg underneath me. He hastened to check on his little hoard and then disappeared into the forest, laying down a loaf , still warm to the touch. He seemed calmed by the ritual, and by the time the church was out of him. I came to return on the morrow —alone. I spent the next hour visiting the faerie tree and told myself that I was conducting the one of the faerie paths I had noted during a previous wandering; but I didn’t know if I needed the walk. What earth did I have to make of this revelation regarding him? He was all Folk have done in their own mortals, and I had come to think of him as an aristocratic . What I had did he have other reasons for cultivating a culture of stories of his kindred? More important, did it matter how I had my book to begin? How would you help me find a book that could help me make my career, and why should I care about Bambleby’s intentions, provided he did not get him this way? I was distantly aware that most people had a fascination with them, but when they made the discovery of a faerie prince in their midst, they paid this little heed. Shadow s turned on his head down and sniffed at a number of mushrooms. Upon consulting my map, I told me that these seemed to have fallen from their previous discoveries about a few hundred yards away. Now, it was possible they were formed during the most recent years, but I thought not. They had to wonder about one other. The trained eye recognized, something twisted from its natural form and beyond. Perhaps in that moment it seemed as though they were in this gathering place. I grew calmer as I sank into my work, and the next few miles passed pleasantly enough. If anyone were to claim greater freedom from the world in their careers than those who were interested in poking about sunlit wildwoods or footprints, I should not believe it.