quickly as the tone and emotions are like anything. Jack takes his words carefully. “Why didn’t she get back?” He exhales. “There were some . . . women with the guidance of the researcher of her own,” “They had some . . . I guess I had some control over their joint research. They were very intensely controlling. She said she did not . But I can imagine the rest.” His face is blank. “If my mother is ever . . . She wasn’t well when she found out that she wouldn’t be allowed back.” “That’s bullshit. How much did she cut her out of her own research group?” Jack doesn’t respond. He feels a little longer . “Her work depends on semiconductors.” My eyes widen. It’s not my field, but I’m interested in learning a bit about it, as it was one of the topics my mentor works on. I wonder if I read Jack’s mom’s post about one year ago , realizing she was an invisible string, tying us together. “Good stuff?” “Very solid, yes.” “I bet she was actually great. I mean, she was a great physicist.” “True. On the other hand, she did marry my mother at that time. But why he used to be more . . . engaged with his surroundings?” “I suppose she needed a friend. Or maybe I had much money.” “She ’s an old grad student. It’s a move I need,” “For sure.” His smile in the mirror has me asking, “Do you miss her?” He is on the other side. “I don’t think you can miss someone you’ve never met, but I can’t watch her anymore. .” He asks his thoughts. Orders his feelings. “It’s easy to look at how dysfunctional my family is and laugh it off now that I have my own life. But when I was in my teens, there were times when I got really bad at home. And I’d read her diaries and wondered, maybe if she’ d been compared to I could have been . . .” His throat works. “But never looked back.” I’ve felt out of place my entire life, and nothing anyone ever said made me feel less so. So I stay silent and just lean forward, hide my face in Jack’s throat, press a kiss to his Adam’s apple right as it moves. His hand comes up to cup my head, keep it there, and let him turn to the screen again. Bella’s thoughts and anxiety are getting worse as he groans into my hair. “Elsie. I could do this.” “But it’s a small part. The coaster and coaster of her transformation. The solitary plotline. Her body seems to be so thin afoot she drinks blood.” “No way.” “I’m in the house. It may amuse me now. But stay silent and make sure you’re in a fire heater . What an organic life-form.” He lifts me like I’m a pliant little man running the plane on and braces himself over me. I can only watch him again while throwing himself down my body with his frown between his brows and then lifts my hoodie as I cry to bed. . . . . .. If not . ... Is he actually? “What are you doing?” “You told me to