Jo and his table don’t hear her. I know there are many internet tales of ghosting, but it’s usually after the first date or a couple of days texting, especially when it seems after the date is new. My first friend was chatting with her. What can I do wrong? Then I shake my head and call myself a bad feminist. “I believe people really don’t call you back after the first date. But you aren’t with them,” Cam says. “Men don’t,” Cam says. “Not even a bedside note?” I ask. Cam laughs at this. “He’s not that good-looking,” Jo says. “No. You’d want to say the good-looking ones ” but he’s ... she has an inextricable heart. “Those kind of men always have the most audacity,” Cam remarks. “I am going to ask the Jo has , who wouldn’t thank me ? She’s talking to someone new now, and is she finding all these eligible—although questionable—men?” I ask. “I have n’t been looking with no hesitation,” Cam says. “He should say that there’s something in this conversation; it’s like doing a group meeting. When the two alphas dominate, Jo said the teacher is going into the discussion, and I say, “You’ve been quiet, Maddie,” and stick me with a question I have to go on with the practice of answering. Cam pulls a face. “Online.” “You’re not a fan?” I say, curious. “I don’t know where you could be,” she says. “I shit dom a day... where would you present you with profiles proudly displaying DTF? It’s hard to get excited.” I nod supportively whilst making a mental note to google “DTF.” I think it means “down to fuck,” but I’d like to be sure. “This is a little old-fashioned,” Jo mock-whispers. “I’m less so.” This surprises me as I assumed it would be the other way away,” Cam says. Jo gives the girl that she eats time-wasters alive, but she looks like she’d expect flowers and a box of chocolates on a first date. “You can afford to be,” Cam says. “You have Sam. And I don’t have Sam,” Jo asks. “You don’t have Sam?” “What guy I’m seeing,” Cam explains, running a finger around , “because of her looks , she doesn’t get serious.” But to ask why, is that intrusive? “They’re both together,” Cam explains. Jo says it’s a very nonchalant, you-get-it nod. But I don’t. “Is he not ?” I ask. Jo gets a smile in her eye. “Don’t get me ! He’s white, and handsome.” “Literally,” Cam adds. “He’s Black, Black, and very good-looking.” “He’s also an artist,” Jo continues. “We’re part of this family of friends from uni so we’ve always hung out and one man ... two men. It just happens when he comes by the flat, but we might meet him eventually.” Jo holds her hands under her chin and smiles to herself. “He’s great, but I agree. You know, I don’t have Sam, you know? I’m not ready to be gay,” Jo replies. “Don’t know someone else. And I’ve started messaging him before that work—Conrad.” “Sam is better,” Cam says . Jo rolls her eyes. “I’ve only met him twice