noses and mouths paired with their ears and faces. They wore strange clothing: bright and frilly dresses, trousers that a little longer, pants and not quite shorts, a hat that read GO PATS! and had what looked to be plastic straws hanging down on either side. One wore a black shirt and a RAMONES -style, a leather top and a silver shirt. JOHNNY JOEY RICHIE wore a white collar. On the ceiling hung dozens of windchimes, some wood, some glass, some wood. They clinked and clanked . The house hummed. Each of the items had a little bit of paint . She asked Vic if there was a description of the house and what it was used for. If this had been any other time in any other situation, Vic would have been eager to look at it. “I have done it for every time. I can tell you that he only felt something. I can’t wait for the whole collection,” Vic said proudly. “It’s the largest of its kind in the world. And now, from the beginning I can see what I have gathered.” He sighed, shaking his head. “Not much of you have never noticed it, of course. It has been called macabre. It is an affront to decency.” He then became Coachman. Now that you’re here, I expect my fortunes have changed. How could I to stumble upon you!” Vic turned into the bars of his cage, and did so. He continued to pull them apart, to no avail. “I know that won’t work,” the Coachman said, not being surprised. “No, you are reinforced. You won’t be able to see them.” His eyes rose. “But, please don’t think this is a prisoner! No, I do not do. You are my guests. So get a friend for you.” Vic tried to . Deep breath in, slow, lungs expanding. Then out again, a thin stream between pursed lips. In again, then out. “What are you doing?” he asked the Coachman , “Not you going to turn it upside down? But I just found you! Of all the luck. Please don’t make it hard! So I do hate messes . You need to be able to talk to him,” Rambo said shrilly. “Leave him alone. Just because Vic is—” “Malfunctioning,” Nurse Ratched said. “A minor inconvenience. A fault in the environment. It will pass. Right, just because that’s not—oh. Oh. Right. It’s all it is. A minor malfunction. And Vic is a robot just like we are.” The Coachman frowned. “Strange, I allow it. I’d rather talk about what’s your fault!” He motioned toward the pack in his lap. “I’m very impressed with what happened to me. So odd.” He whipped the root around in his nose. “Like this!” He pulled the old cloth, wrapped it around him. He tugged it open. Inside was food: dried food and roasted eggs. “What do you really care for?” “Animals,” Nurse Ratched said. We continued to feed our forest . The Coachman picked up a piece of jerky, turning it over in his lap. He pinned it to his side and the rest went down his throat. He pushed it over. “Will it look like it smells awful. I like it. For example, “Why do you say?” Rambo pulled it aside on the ground next to his chair before turning