nod, she says . She opens drawers and cabinets, pulling out things I don’t recognize. “This is special large-head herb in Hangzhou,” she says. She also lays up something brown . “We’re going to soak it in the rice water, which helps help the healing properties enter Lady Huang’s body through her Spleen and Stomach , dry the Damp, harmonize the Stomach, and prevent miscarriage. Here’s another herb that we’ll prepare in vinegar. It helps to remove toxic Heat, invigorate Blood, and control pain.” I can’t comprehend the things on the table, but I’m able to follow her through. She lets me get some of the juice of the herb and later the vinegar. She shows me how to gaze into the pot and to not judge myself in the depth of her gaze. She asks me to hold the sieve as she pours both the herbs in an earthenware . She would like to tell me more about what the different roots and herbs are and their purpose, but her thoughts are elsewhere. “Having herbs is central to a woman’s life,” she says. “The pregnancy is a crisis of life or death. Will she survive and continue to run ? Will the baby survive , or are they your descendant?” When we’re gone. Inky has taken me to see when I was just fifteen. My Grandmother directs me to go to her. “Your grandfather has spoken about teaching you his editary medicine, so she will look very differently. Your grandmother’s doctor can also treat her, because the doctor could properly examine or treat her.” She silently taps her fingertips on her thighs, and continues with what to say. “It ’s the custom to teach hereditary medicine to a daughter, who will eventually marry out and take her knowledge with her. Your grandfather’s type of medicine is different.” “Your mother might be learned in any form of literature in the book, by anyone.” “But you learned, and you ’re not afraid of people” (inky.) “I love you,” she admits, but doesn’t know how that came to work. My fingers give a decisive t hump on her . “You cannot say if you will be a good student or not, but if your parents willing to give you my medicine. Doctors, whether male or female, call it fuke—medicine for women. Who is interested?” My chest slid into a wide smile. “Yes, Grandmother Ru.” She hands me a small note. “The volume contains formulas and treatments more than two hundred years old. Start by memorizing the three formulas. When you can recite them without mistake, you will come to me ready to enumerate the qualities for which they are most comfortable. Think about how best to improve on them.” I read the book and wrote the title: Excellent Medicine for Women, and Women of the Ziming. Still beaming, I draw the volume to my chest. “Thank you, Grandmother.” “Don’t wait. When I was your age, I had a great time helping my parents in their practice. We have much work to do now and let’s never stop grinning! Nothing is right. We will have to see how well you learn. Ultimately, I will decide if you will learn so many things I know.”