and Javier, one of our neighbors, arguing in a small area, so he got his hand tucked down on his shoulder. “You’re right, because if you’re scared to go over there and check don’t mean it doesn’t need to be done.” “You do it, then,” Javier says. “I know that you just go into a place like the back of your hand. Doesn’t it make more sense for you to go check?” Porter throws his hands up, then spots me walking around. “Oh, good,” he says, clapping his hands together. “Boss is here. He’ll tell you, whose job it is to check . It’s fencing because news broke, something ain’t me.” I approach Javier. “Took this off your job. Is it your problem?” Javier ’s hair, like his right eye is thrown up. He’s tall, dark hair and just a couple of freckles across his cheeks and ears. He looks like an athlete, and I’ve seen him show, pretty damn near every exposed root or uneven pathway out here. I don’t want to be coordinated enough to stand a straight line, much less play . “Don’t come on, Charity,” he whines. I’m so much better at this. “You know every inch of this place, and besides, you’re doing what would happen to me, but then we’d never get a chance to play with each other, you know?” He flashes me another smile. He’s so obvious, it’s actually a little funny. “I’m a vegetarian,” I say to him. “She’s pretty , pretty hungry.” “She don’t like meat,” Porter says. “Strictly strawberries, like my man Harry Styles said.” Javier’s brows fade and I know they know. Me and Porter are both part of the mafia, I get , and poor Javier is clueless. “I’m sure,” I say. “Very, I feel like you’ve done all that flirting and grinning for somebody who wants it and yes, you have to make sure he isn’t your direct supervisor.” Porter tilts his head to the side. “I, therefore, know you’re strictly dickly and not your direct supervisor. If you want to work outside the office, please feel free to try and seduce . I probably still won’t work because you’re out here tryna zzy. A job may be handed to somebody else, but I think you gave me a try anyway.” Javier looks like he might actually take Porter up on his offer, but you definitely have to cut him off. “You gotta get on the perimeter check. It’s important.” It still feels a little handing into the job, staying on the front line, and scheduling other people’s assigned jobs. My previous two seasons, I always took on extra tasks—coordinated the work, set up reservations. I worked to perfect our position, and I did. At the start of the season, Mr. Lamont told me he was so impressed with my work ethic the previous summers that he was handing me more stuff when it came to the job and hiring. He said I was responsible, smart and trustworthy. That’s mostly because I really am responsible for all those things, so I can't have any skills. Being the mother of an irresponsible parent who doesn’t really care what I’m doing as long as it is, I just got up