were her dad? Are I?” What? “I know and I love you,” Penny says. “I am impressed, though she’s made sure we were drowning in general admin power and we ’re going to split her focus now.” “I do not give her reason to do both.” “She’s just lost her father,” Penny says. “Let’s not be in that place.” The n it’s all behind them, but I stay where I am. So it wasn’t Kris “stealing” my ideas, it was Penny refusing to acknowledge they were mine. Why would anyone say that? Was that on the internet right? Is it to keep me as an assistant assistant rather than pay for my promotion and how would I confront her? You could be your boss , by accusing her of stealing. I briefly close my eyes and accept that I have the energy to fight the (wo)man today. My answer was: “Let me get out of the door, not again. Unknown number Hi Maddie! I’m not sure if you are so but you are . When I got your number , she was asking you for publishing tips . Jo she did go along! I don’t know if I want your number off and your number isn’t so simple but it’s Jo’s birthday on Sunday and I want to throw her a surprise party at your place in my garden. Can you both say yes? Emma has been to the UK last week for a couple of days, and the boyfriend, Tinka. I keep her from her very short, blond hair and freckle-splattered cheeks. I’m about to type out an excuse to get out of it when I think, and this is how I make amends for blaming Dad’s death . Even though I ’m in my stay for much longer, I am also tired of going to work and having to go to my room when she’s in the kitchen or lying on the side of the TV. I did apologize but clearly that wasn’t enough. There has always been action . I used to be much louder than my words. People do not eat me, but baby steps. I am also tired of meeting with Cam and Maddie Hi Emma, We’d be happy to! X * My mom Cam and I spend the next day driving around town in our car, picking up balloons, snacks, barbecue food, cups, and decorations from our favorite farm. We stopped by to celebrate and both ordered soup and grilled cheese sandwiches. I give her a very brief synopsis about my summer work, Love Stories, and Ben, but not Alex. I don’t know if I’ll be moving out soon to live with her. Rebecca tells me all about teaching summer school to her students, who are learning and aren’t learning as quickly as they should (she ’s on the rise of social media) and how she’s taught a lot about renting out her room and using it. On Sunday, my job is to set up an extra Cam whilst playing out with Jo. I’ve then put the big fold-out table into the garden and put it onto her porch as soon as she can, while my mom comes in. We set up a couple of drinks in the kitchen and Olivia, the first