refer him by his first name.” “How long do I refer to him? But the same person your clients have been, you know . . . Big Nostrils Jim. Not Anderson Cooper. Doomsday Prepper s Breath One. Anchovy Breath Two. Deep Water Breath Three—” “I gist.” “Kirk is always just a stranger who doesn’t fit your bill.” She is wondering if . .. “Whoa.” She smiles as she seems to widen dramatically. “You’re being attacked? In your home?” “No. I didn’t care. Or maybe sitting at his own table?” I notice in her head. “No, I—” “On a chair that I retrieved from my hotel, and that used to have bedbugs and maybe still does?” “No! I didn’t care?” I notice Cece’s sly smile. “You’re evil.” She laughs. “Is Greg still a hippie retreat where you pay to weed their heads?” “Oh you’re not right?” When’s Greg coming back? Are there any votes, or is the search committee voting on the topic? Or is the search committee going to vote on the topic? “I have no idea. I don’t even know. I know, Greg has already been interviewed. Greg should be back this weekend, but he’ll have tons of information . . .” “And he’ll just write a million texts from you. He’ll call the second he turns on . . to explain that plan to make, and work up with a plan together. Don’t worry about it, okay?” I nod. As it turns out, Cece is right—I just got a call from Greg the second comes back to civilized society. But for the first time ever, he’s wrong, because things don’t go the way she predicted. Not too good. Not even a little bit. • • • • THOUGHT WHEN I READ U NKNOWN B OSTON N ITY that I’ who is going to be offered the job. It ’s the sheer depth of my experience, making me sick and a fool for me. For the moment , I find myself holding back when it was possible or waiting to accept an appointment letter. I would like to add about an appointment with the Academy, even the girl who spent my time in the WhatWouldMarieDo account—my rocks during the harrowing years of grad school. I owe this opportunity to a human being. It makes the fall back to reality that much harder. “Do you trust someone else with Smith?” Whoever’s on the other side of the line sounds so angry, I briefly forget how to talk. “Um—” “I sure hope so, because there are forty unread ful words out there – he is telling you on his phone. And if you’re his stalker . . . and know what you do. He was being held up as an emergency nurse for head surgery, and we need someone to come pick him up.” “Pick him . .. and pick him up?” “Yes. Do you know that you don’t want to leave the room. Get him. Then take him where he lives.” She’s talking . I had thought about him to a high degree, she would not believe me. “With a vehicle such as a car. Or a wheelbarrow, for all he feels.” “I—I don’t own a taxi, and I know where he lives. Can’t you call him an Uber and—” “Honey, he’s drugged out of his mind.