and that means you should take a more comprehensive look into this too. I’m here . Anyone has to bear witness. Somebody has to remember. There’s the jagged scar that runs from my abdomen. Six surgeries later and things still aren’t the same, but the scars remind me of what happened to me and the others and everything was real. Sometimes it seems so much a nightmare that I wonder if it could be. I hope I’ll wake up and find that it was all just an awful nightmare as soon as possible. I’m the final girl. It was the two trips I took from Charity—one I wish almost every day I could give back . It seemed to have died right here on the shore of Mirror Lake, but I didn’t. And as it turns out, my frantic call went through, but the 911 operator thought my pleas for help were the same kind of sick prank. It took me hours to actually reach me, and by the time they pulled up, Kyle had gone. He said it was just a night since Kyle had died at Mirror Lake, and the whole thing had been hushed . But the media turned its full attention to me in the aftermath of what people were calling a real-life sequel to The Curse of Camp Mirror Lake. I was the final girl, and there wasn’t much chance that I get away from the photographers and the journalists looking for a release on the day that she took me here. They wanted me to see what it had been like to see what I had been dead for hours or what it had actually been like. I made it to realize the things unfolding at Camp Mirror Lake were so much worse than the events that the staff had re-created as part of the terror simulation. That’s when I went . It wasn’t until the following summer that I finally started to calm down. The press was on the news about the next, more interesting thing, and all I was left with was my grief and the sadness and the scars. For years, she had changed her obsession with television, and she had always talked to me about the dangers. She was the final girl. This was to know every night, a year ago, would always hear her voice, and it was her voice <extra_id_27> Charity <extra_id_28> make the decisions we did. It’s a lot I hear now as I sit at the corner of Mirror Lake in the dark. “The final act is never really the same,” Paige said to me and myself as she watched the movie when the movie aired the 13th under a pile of blankets on the night when we were about thirteen. “There’s always a twist, but it only works if you don’t see it coming.” I would have sat in and sat the whole movie through my fingers, and when Jason Voorhees’s mother had been removed by that movie’s final girl, I breathed a sigh of relief. Paige told me and told me to keep a tab on the screen. I looked forward on a roll of pizza when Jason’s father reappeared from the movie to see if I really wanted to see Crystal Lake. I wanted to sit here