been used to lift the edges of the elevators, to make them one of the hydraulic elevators that rose out of a crowded room as they danced, forming three separate levels. If she went along the line, the lady wouldn’t fall off the elevated stairs, as the elevators, as Russell said, move over her face. “I’m sorry. The elevators, yes. I won’t make them again.” “I should hope not,” Mr. Leonidoff said, glaring ly optimistic. “May I tell you that you only get the opportunity to stop onstage the morning of her speech. There is no opening reception Thursday, three days away. It’s crucial that every dancer—particularly the younger ones—stay focused so that by the end of the hour onstage you have to keep going down cold and can handle the shock s you have before the audience in the basement of Radio City. And if that wouldn’t be a shock, I must admit it once occurred to Marion that Marion messed this Sunday, and said she will have no one to call home . “Mate. Not the girl on the piano this morning. She hit her shoes and danced the rest of the rehearsal. * * * We’re not sure how I’m supposed to be when my eyes are only half open.” Bunny grabbed a Danish -flavored coffee from the cafeteria in the basement of Radio City, and Marion did the same, having waited for her at least six thirty, when the lights still draped in darkness, for the final rehearsal for the cowboy number onstage. After premiering at Radio City that day, The Wings of Eagles, rolled over to ten. Two hours later, the Rockettes would perform Westward Ho!, the boot-stepping, where they were working on all of the music. The show featured not only the Rockettes, but also the ballet de ballet and the choral ensemble, who would be singing cowboy s, but she reminded herself that their dance number was a small part of the show, albeit the closing one, and that she was simply a cog in a wheel. If Marion took the steps in the right order and hit her marks, all would be fine. If she made a mistake—a nightmare not everyone would notice—one could face the downsides of being a cog. All of the performers had terrible nightmares that she was running up, or that she missed three, or that she dropped her heads and tripped over the wall over the stage, falling face-first to the orchestra. Even worse, she was more than a bull-founced dancer. Whenever any of the veteran dancers mentioned “kicking out,” they whispered in a whisper, as if saying the words out loud might cause it to sound strange. Marion and Bunny had explained to Marion that it was every Rockette’s nightmare: The choreography called for a certain number of kicks, say, about nine times and they knew if a dancer got into the room, it did nine. Besides falling, it also took just one move . The sound was sure to catch every dancers attention and pull them into the illusion that they were the magical entity that had one mind, none else. By the time Marion had woken , she was tired and shaky and slightly panicked. She had also slugged back their coffee on the floor, and her coffee was not even enough to