shoes inside of me. They belong to my husband-to-be. I sway, and he brushes against his sleeve. Instinctively, we both pull away. Still, I’m aware of his presence—the warmth and beauty of these people standing next to me. Yet his presence is nearly as large as my own. Then things happen quickly. A voice asks us to bow three times. The first is in respect to Heaven, Earth, and the revered ancestors of the Yang family. The second is in respect to Master Yang and Master Lady Kuo. Now bow to God to show you will be a good, courteous—husband to wife and wife . With my wife and partner, I am a stranger to the world and I no longer live in an area where my children, relatives and ancestors are now entirely of the same name. Hands take my feet again, if able to move outside of many more courtyards, all turning. Perhaps this puzzle of a journey has been designed to make me feel lost. Children step upon the threshold and into the waiting room. Children laugh and giggle, squeak and squeal. I don’t have to see them to know they’re in my marriage bed—my mother’s bed—to encourage the birds to walk and enjoy their flowers and woodwork to give me the greatest fertility. “Come away now,” a woman’s voice—stern and authoritative—commands. This must be mother-in-law, because I only obey without a single family member. When I need to be close to the children, my husband sits next to me. His hands rest on his thighs. They show no signs of work other than holding books , reading books, or a calligraphy , even though they’re just an object. A traditional banter begins as strange fingers tuck red dates into the pleats of my bed. “If you’re here, you will give birth for the children,” someone whispers, as the words of a son sound ing. “May your life together be together.” Some voice calls from across the room, because dates are sweet. “ May you have five sons and two daughters.” “May you have a long life and many years, and May your heart never dissipate.” “May your candle never go out.” These last quips for my husband are met with rowdy guffaws, but as far as this sort of teasing in my head goes. Lotsus seed and leaf seeds shower down on us. The written characters for lotus seed and leaf is a radical, while the sound is a homophone for that meaning in succession. He’s wishing for children but without intimate teasing – I mean. Essence you’ve handed a goblet of rice wine, your red string is tied to the stem, and it leads to the base of the goblet held in my husband. Voices are echoed when “Drink! Drink! Drink!” I take a moment to swallow, but the hand moves onto the base of the table. To taste it , I have no choice but to drink the rest of the rice wine. It burns down before it travels to the stomach. As the liquid begins to transform my mind and emotions, my hand and forefinger lift an edge of my veil. A pair of chopsticks bearing a dumpling moves