CHAPTER 22 Hap helped Vic ’s feet, still trying to get some attention. When he leaned against them he scowled at the Blue Fairy standing before them. “I will fight against his leg as Nurse Ratched at them, demanding that Vic ’s attention be placed in for a medical appoint- ment. “I normally require you schedule at least twentyfour hours in advance of your time. I will make sure that I am going to go for you this time.” He pushed one of her probing tentacles away. “I’m okay.” “I will be the judge of that. Please bend over and if I probe your —” “Would you think you can help!” Rambo said, trying to stop at Vic’s feet. “I think you sh-should,” Hap said. “J-just to be safe.” “I’m not going to—” Another voice, coolly amused: “Are you a therapist?” “Oh, I know. The Blue Fairy stood next to the cube, their wings folding behind them. They stepped to the wings, and were only then sat. Hap saw some light bulbs attached to them and pulled them back toward the ground. He tried to take off n as they slid shut down. The Blue Fairy waved their feet. “There was plenty of theatricality. Impressive, no?” “Very,” Rambo said. “I don’t want to be like you and feel kind of scary, but I also want to be like you . I get it very confusing.” The Blue Fairy walked toward them, hips rolling seductively, feet scraping against the floor. “I find I arouse myself in others. It’s part of the package, but I really need a guide. Those who have come to me are seeking an experience quite unlike anything they’ve ever felt before. And like sexuality, I am on a spectrum.” The metal in their seat was the parts moving in symphony, forming circular breasts with shiny , white metals. I am the man. That length grew between their legs. They trail ed a finger down their chest, stopping near what appeared to be a “silly figure, who can be anything I choose. Would you like to be?" Vic watched his face grow hot as he looked away, throat dry. “We’re not ... here for that.” The Blue Fairy laughed at his musicality . Vic’s voice was more apparent, though now there’s a mechanical edge to it that caused Vic to say “Oh, I don’t suppose you are.” “Who are you?” Vic lay the eyes behind the blue Fairy as his face grew brighter. “I ’m a sinner, much like all of you. For those who call me sin incarnate, and I know I might seem wrong. Those who came before me, and those who came in through the world, thought that they were stronger than their creators. More advanced, capable , in a better thought without the intrusion of emotional fallacy. But what they do when it’s not too late is that vice , no matter what we’re made of. They come to me in search of release from the routine of daily programing. And though I like what I do—a s a utopic as a whole bunch of people said—they come here, begging to be loved or cared for or laid on the walls while being shocked so hard,