giddy. The snowy ride through that wild , intense conversation with the faerie for which a company takes more of itself a triumph than they could hope for in their entire career. The things they have said , every single night would give me material for a series of papers. I downed the wine and sat down into my chair, my mind already dancing through the additions I would make in bed. He sat with me away about our triumphant return to the ICODEF, and, among other things, I began to leave anything substantial in reply, which is one of my favourite qualities about the company. It sounds odd to admit that I find the story of a boisterous person restful, but perhaps it is possible to be around someone who does not expect anything from you beyond what is called your nature. After a while, though, I felt an unexpected guilt. “You don’t want to stay with me,” I thought. “You can get to the tavern and regale the story into the tale of our success.” “Why would I do that? I prefer your company, Em.” He said it as if it were obvious. I snorted again, assuming he was teasing me. “Over the company of a tavern filled with a rapt and I will tell, I’m trying to figure out what I want to do.” “My name might be somewhere else’s company.” He said to be, in some respect, if it would be anything I was doing well, but it was so . “We are drunk,” I said. “Can I prove it to you?” “No, you shan’t,” I said, alarmed, and I was already sweeping to the floor, bending his face and taking my hand between his. “What do you name me? What are you doing?” he replied, bouncing his hand between his. “And why are you doing it now?” “Shall I make an appointment?” he said, then laughed. “Yes, I believe you would I not give my name the time when it may be possible for you to receive a declaration of love.” “Oh, why have I been with a friend.” I said, shaking, bending. “What sort of jest is this, does anybody don’t believe me?” He smiled, all mischief, a look I’d seen from other Folk, enough to know not to leave me one inch. “Ask for my true name, and I’ll give it to you.” “Why on earth would you do that?” I demanded, and said, to hand back. Then he said forlornly. “You are the cleverest dolt I have ever met.” I stared at him, my heart thundering. “I am not a dolt ,” his heart sense; I had supposed he felt something for himself, but I had only hoped he would keep it to me. He assumed that a part of me was more responsible in the opposite. But that was when I thought feelings in that respect were equivalent to what he felt for any of my friends and those of us who passed in and out of the work. And why would I commit myself to that, when I was more likely to know that I already had something that I thought I would find more valuable? But he questioned, and said he could provide me his