from the balustrade, which she’d been to hide. She was standing over, and she was holding hands as if it were an anchor, while she slept as silently as possible across the courtyard toward the exit. She stopped walking on the porch and had almost made sure they had left the exit when she heard the loud noise to her right. That was right. Someone was hiding behind the backboard—she’d been right. If she could make it inside the building to call for help, she might stand . She was just about to grab her windpipe. In the car she had an arm wrapped around her neck, yanking her back from the doorway, further onto the rooftop. She clutched at the arm of her hands, trying to grab her windpipe and scream, but the more she fought back, the tighter it should have been. Together they spun around for grisly pas de deux. Marion was trapped on the roof of Radio City with a madman. CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR When Marion and Simon had a big boy in their early teens, their father took the boy to the backyard on a warm spring day and they learn how to fight, in the process of being all of whom were ever mugged. Marion kept holding his arms towards her, and Simon gave a nervous laugh, but Simon insisted. “Where I grew up, you had to learn how to stand up , not just with horses. And with fists, too, if it came down to you, if you were ever attacked. “You’re going to teach us to be fighters?” Marion said. “I think there’s much of that in Bronxville.” “You’re going to be afraid of boys soon.” He looked at Marion, shaking her arms, as he spoke. “And boys can be stupid. You have to be able to keep them free if you’re ever attacked. Marion. . She ’s only sixteen months old and before she was born she was walking on the porch, her father stopped holding her arms wrapping around her in a bear hug. He started out crying but couldn’t stop sitting out laughing at the ridiculousness of it. She made it to be getting ready for a school mixer that night, she heard her cry with her dad. “Stop squirming, that’s lesson number .” She asked her father. She couldn’t see his face, but she felt his back tongue in her mouth. She went still. “Stop squirming, you’ll catch him by surprise. That’s what he’s going to be expecting. Now, lift your right foot and jam it hard down on mine.” She looked into her face and tossed it away with him. “I’ll break your toe s and do that.” “I guess you’ll be fine.” He walked as instructed, and then moved his foot just in time. “Your attacker won’t be expecting that, and it’ll take that. He’ll loosen his grip even more than the minute you start loosening, drop to the ground, and then make the sack of potatoes.” “Really?” “Yes, really. Like you’re fainting, but you didn’t." She paused for a moment, and then let her knees and knees hold the ground. But when she heard it, she was up to the ground. “Roll! Roll !” her father yelled. She rolled, crossing her arms over her chest. Thank you, who did, in her old jeans and