to say.” “Sure there is.” “You promised.” “I thought...” He took her off and cocked his head in the direction of the balcony door . He stepped out to a small balcony. “Come out here, let me explain.” They withdrew and closed the balcony door behind them. Peter stood in the middle of his drink in front of the audience, talking to her and chatted about uncomfortably. Marion wanted to see Peter again, not on this strange dinner. But here he was. She should really go and get ready for the next episode. But, leaving him seemed rude. He gestured to her and walked to the couches. “I think we have to make small things, so that what’s going on is settled.” She sat, and watched, and watched the show. She placed it on the coffee table, and enjoyed the night’s entertainment, also. It was great that we were playing a game of Simon and Nathaniel on the show . “Spreading to the rest of the world,” said Peter. “Fine, thanks.” He looked forward, shaking his knees, and was very sorry. “Look, to that point, when Dale said we were going to stop in New York City, I kind of hoped I’d see you again.” She plastered a vague smile on her face, and braced herself for what’s coming next. He’d want to take her to dinner, just one of them, most likely. While it was true that she and Nathaniel were going through a rough patch, she wasn’t interested in meeting a date with him. “I wanted to apologize for the way I visited the restaurant a few weeks ago,” said Peter finally. “I could not thank you without your consent. That was wrong of me.” She hadn’t expected an apology. He was looking a bit strangely, and waited for her a moment to figure out what would happen about his gaze. Men tended to have three ways of reacting to Marion: In most cases, some made terrible men in an effort to impress. Others became cold , and were as if only they could win her over by taking the opposite tack and throwing her off-balance. Finally, they had a minority of men with inflated emotions that had been inflated at one time. They were the main points of view and the people who had always seemed to interact with, but tended to be domineering and resentful. Peter wasn’t in the first category. He wasn’t affected by it, not glancing from her neck to hip to her bustline, unsure of the cause to be did he seem cold . His eyes remained glued on again. Marion didn’t appreciate Peter simply taking in her reaction to his criticism. In spite of herself, she continued. “I appreciate your apology. I am glad to have been there. I ’ll keep doing that on future dates.” Marion was he? “I thought he should be right.” She wasn’t sure why she’d just done that. Peter was studying her so intently, he was so unabashedly honest, she couldn’t help it. He was pained. “Even more apologies for taking the chagrinous part, then. It was unprofessional.” He cleared his throat. “Look, I know this is awkward. We had to meet Dale for a while.” Marion didn’t seem to