“I should probably stay behind.” Finn just looked at me , “That way I will want you there.” Then he straightened his spine, collected himself. “I want to be there, that is.” Finn tells me, he’s some paparazzi hoping to catch a glimpse of your time. And he’s excited to settle into a team of Hallie, Dan Espinoza, Juliana Guo, and Cooper Jones. I’m delighted to see that after being joined by the team in most of my spare time over the last couple months. Finn introduces me as I reunite his team, and no one asks any other questions . “It’s been ages since we did something like this,” Cooper says, reaching for a slice of bread. At forty, he’s the oldest of the group, mostly retired from acting in his 70s, and is the youngest on the farm he runs with his wife in 2012. This different person says: “Because Ethan’s usually too busy jumping out of his pants , he can say he has his own stunts.” Juliana Guo gives me a tight smile that makes me think pretending she was in love with him for four seasons required some top-notch acting. “A little more unlike Alice, and I am wearing a corduroy with a sweatshirt. She’s now cooler. “Where were you last ? You can’t keep track.” “Fiji,” Ethan says. “But that was me. I start the Indiana Jones reboot in order to win the reunion.” “Rough life,” Finn calls. Finn, who raises his glass of bourbon, flashes his glimmering white teeth. “That’s why they shell out the big bucks.” “I need to fight rolling my hands.” So to me, Finn is inspecting his water glass, and when Finn swings by with another two appetizers, he quietly, politely , takes me to a new one. And that’s it. Don’t miss the conversation with Finn. Finn watches the whole interaction . “What do we ask them? We’re asking. “ ‘This is the tone of a comment by me or if I’m looking at a two-part question’?” Cooper holds a hand across his salt-and-pepper beard. “I don’t think I do enough of these to get too bothered to think of it.” “All them are the worst definitely.” Juliana takes her piece of wine and blots her red lipstick with a napkin. “At the moment they always try to bring up a specific detail, and it can make it seem like they know the show better than the other.” Finn points it off. “No, no, no. The two-parters are the worst.” “I don’t mind them,” Finn puts on. “All of course you don’t,” Ethan says. “I live on the same things. When was the last time you heard of a channel that was exclusively watched by grandparents?” With the help of Hallie, the rest of them laugh, and even in the dim light, I watch Finn’s cheeks and hair. The conversation moves on to her . “I’m working on an indie film right now,” Hallie says from across the TV network. “I’ve always been dying to do something with A24, and it’s been an absolute dream.” “What’s it about?” I ask.