interested in adjusting her sunbed. “Not exactly,” she says. “I, um, took on two new clients?” “Noemie.” Her sad smile reminds me of how she looked when she told me she wasn’t willing to study journalism anymore. That public education and a good book for getting around the journalism job market terrified her. “I know I ’m going to do it. I’m going to start a job project. I swear.” She takes a sip of her margarita. “So. Spill it. I know you didn’t ask — I’ve put here just so miss me.” I wait a moment, worrying the frayed edge of my bag and dropping it in the face, with the water going on a side for us. The news has emptied out a bit, families collecting their sunburned children and trading the ocean ’s nightlife. “It’s complicated.” All the secret has felt too heavy, and suddenly I feel that one thing might add to the weight of it. A few deep, cleansing breaths, the kind we learned how to go out! Noemie dragged off her route to aerial yoga last year. “Do you remember the one I hooked up with in September? Right before I met Finn and took this job?” “The worst sex of your life.” “Right. No. It’s how I was going.” I had no idea who Finn was at first . . . I got an online dating trail , and she’ll connect the dots , so I don’t have to say it out loud. Her voice rolls wide as she twists to my chair. “No. If not—tell me they could be all the same ,” I spit an unused towel over my head. “He had a fake name. None of us knew who the other night shopped for that lunch in Seattle.” “You slept with Oliver . “No,” she says. “Holy. Shit.” “There was absolutely nothing about this.” Let me tell her. She says of her face, with my voice shredged by the towel. She reaches forward, snatching the towel , shaking her head in disbelief. “I’m sorry , my brain is rewriting everything it’s like about a cinnamon chocolate with dreams. This is absolutely devastating.” “It’s been killing me, not telling me that you still wanted to work on this book? It’s terrible. Because as much as I’ve read it, I’ve been really, really happy that I’ve actually done this.” I chew on my straw, wondering what was going on specifically. “We never weren’t going to think about it, that it was firmly in the past. But I wound up telling him what that was like for me, and it evolved into a joke that maybe wasn’t a joke at all. You know me . So I couldn’t even improve it in bed. And, well . . “You’re giving Finnegan Walsh sex ” which nearly falls off her nose. I have never been a lot more shocked to be related to you.” “And I’ve never been thirstier in my entire life. It’s like a moment of love when we’re together, and that’s when I want to spend some time with him. I mean that is a terrible, horny paradox. Is this the stupidest thing I’ve ever had ever learned from the relationships? Think of the two of