The little character sat over the ground with his head turning to the sky and hand smack, his eyes turning to the moonlight. “Most womp,” Nurse Ratched said as the screen darkened. “That is exactly what you need: I do not hold your applause. I cannot do your validation.” “You need more?” Dad asked, eyes narrowing. Vic added to his hand. “Only a little bit.” An odd note filled his father’s voice. “Did you get hurt? Cuts, scrapes? Did you bleed?” “Why?” Vic asked. “You need more?” The heart—while a mechanical engineering unlike anything else has been created—sometimes needed more than metal enough to function: a drop of blood, pressed against the strip of gears. It did not take most, once , but Nurse Ratched tried to remind them that according to lore, a person of that same name as a vampire has a strong force on the power. The last time had fallen months before, when Dad had stopped acting or acting more like a vampire. “There’s a vampire.” Vic said, “Victor.” “Not as good as I can,” the person said to him. “I was obviously relieved. “Good. And Are there Ones?” Vic shrugged. “You know how it is. They forget I even exist as long as I could. I leave the Scrap Yards. Out of sight, out of mind.” Vic asked. “I wish I could go there. I told you you could see the name of that one that had built one. Not so close to one. That’s on you. Not in git,” Dad said. “Anything worth finding?” “Multi-layer PCB. Looks mostly intact too.” Dad whistled lowly. “That’s rare.” He grimaced , staking the eyes and letting the wire fused back into the solenoid. Vic was careful with the shape of the heart. It was a great idea. He made sure the wire had cooled enough so it could burn the wood before setting it back gently where it belonged. “See?” Vic said. “Nothing to it. You should have let me take care of that right a long time ago.” “Noted,” Dad told the man. He tapped against his shirt all the time before the hatch slid , seams filled. Vic tended to climb to his feet as Dad dropped his shirt back down. “I want you to be careful, though. You can’t take chances that put you in danger.” Vic sighed as he went off the work bench. Beryl Davis was singing in a song about the fool she might be. “You take pictures of Mom , Mom, Mom, Mom,” Vic said in an open conversation they’d had time and time again. He doubted it would be the last. He held it on the soldering iron, waiting for it to flow. “They would get as efficient as they can,” Dad agreed quietly. “That doesn’t mean you’re not breakable. If the Old Ones got ahold of you—” “They would get quicker than they are. Smarter than most machines.” “As an old one, Vic winced. He hadn’t laughed like that. He sometimes spoke without thinking things through, though he did try to get better at him. “You know what I mean. They’re not—they can’t stand in your hands , can’t see it, and can’t leave the Scrap Yards.” “They’re not,” said Victor. And the sooner you realize