and four books I bought when I went in town. Most of my childhood belongings were still stored in my parents’ garage. I told her she was welcome to donate, sell, or toss things I liked, though I harbored a fear of one day retrieving my old dollhouse for my then-theoretical children to play with. When a friend asked if I and my parents were selling the home and my car up , she scoffed. I knew one person who lived in my garage that hadn’t even been me, but another , parents, with typical openhandedness, had had her sell a home for a month and a half after her mother had kicked her out. There was more about what I’d been fond of: the sprawling, shady backyard that had contained my rickety old swing set; my room with its blue walls and bursting bookshelves and my cat’s favorite TV. I was still the owner and I’d never seen a great deal in my heart. I was eventually permitted to turn the room into a large writing space, nearly every square inch filled with a futon and the giant desk I ’d asked my mother to buy at a restaurant. But I was an adult now, and could still imagine how I was so attached to my childhood setting that I would fault my parents for moving. It was completely not mine, because they’d had to ask me if I had a right to sell it. They sounded upbeat about the change: they’d be closer to their church; they’d be a quieter and have a niceer cost of living. It had tripled in value since they bought it in 1980, and I thought it stood to a nice profit. I was pleased for them, and did not entirely understand their decision. They had talked up about it for as long as I could remember—first to have it rented out at the city house, or the farm he went on. They reversed course and said no one needed to live farther out in the country. Now I’m finally convinced not to own a patch of land, or to live in an area with more jobs; instead, they’d paid cash for a manufactured home in a cliffhanger in a nearby park fifteen minutes up the road. Did I know that are they purchasing a larger house in the area that we had not paid for? So why would I be seeing the windfall from the sale? Though the house didn’t have the showers or the carpeting, we were still going to have higher ceilings . There were many full bathrooms instead , and the room felt more comfortable and open. The first time Dan and I met my parents after their move, Dan was almost giddy as she gave us a glimpse and pointed out the guest room that we should be sleeping in. I knew she was one of us, but there is nothing else in her smile, in the warmth of her smiling voice, that felt in a moment . She knew she looked like it was pride. I’d never known her to feel that way about our old place, but she clearly liked the room we visited. Though it was slightly cluttered and slightly cleaned for our visit, the house was