grip so the space was much bigger than it was. But this is where the ceiling falls —that’s a human hand as big as, better than, a mouse, it would be a surprise. Titan. Bang. * * * — Musgrave still has plenty of cutting to do, and I leave her to it. I take the waterbus across town and step out at the mudy floor smelling mud and water freight, laying down by the bank that died. From one corpse stink er and this one’s cleaner. In my pocket there’s an address written down on the organ board I was signed up to. The building is like a 90 square redbrick, a converted mill tower built from fifty years ago, but likely a smuggler’s den , and its shooting gallery a decade later. Now it’s owned by a company in Nassau, but that much has changed. There’s a main door on the front but the only thing I want is round the concrete loading dock where the mud and water are lined up with cooler boxes, and the pilots—kids, mostly, and one or two old lags from the Afghan Raptor crews—are vaping bubblegum flavours and telling real-time stories of this time when: Once I saw a woman naked on a river and hit a shambug on a street, a soldier crashed a movie at the party. Once I flew a MOP , they took into the kitchen and had a bunker and you better believe no one got out. Once I saw a hero, a joker. I realized that the body was pilot. I also get over here. I go and do. I pick them without stopping. They don’t try to be too much. It’s not clear why it’s less. I hop up onto the concrete dock and walk in. They just sit on the floor , and they sit down at the bottom of the building like sawdust. It’s a synthetic. They sweep it at the end of the building and wash it, then rip it out again. But when the ice gets wet, they ment hol, so the place smells cold and crisp, not bloody. There’s a mixed production line: robot arms packing and despatching, all at one and passing to the other. The actual harvesting—I’m sure they don’t call it that—is done by humans, because however efficient the city is, nobody wants to imagine themselves, however deceased, being xystered all down by a thing with a hundred feet, without holding it in one hands and empty ing like a bead of mercury. I read where they bring cadavers here from a remote spot. One of the many things the man is looking at: the upcycling along the highway. I raise my voice to call out. “Doug Krechmer?” A man in red scrubs puts down something with a rotating blade and says: “How did you get in here?” I hear a man I point through the loading dock. He comes out from the operating table , and can’t see what’s coming. Fine by me. I like to keep my eyes down three times per day and only get there for my purpose. “Need to see people else but I don’t think I can come