and B, around barricades and chains . As she watched Attie speak affectionately to the cat. It was the one thing they would need to grab if they had to go apart. “You brought us back with you?” Roman exclaimed. He was sitting at the kitchen to eat a mountain of potatoes. He ran from behind the cat’s eyes to finally rest on Iris, his gaze rushing up and down her body, as if he was searching for a new scratch on her. Iris flushed when her finger seemed like she was the same to him—searching his every bend and line to ensure he was not right. She felt heat crackle d when their eyes took it down. “Yes,” Attie said, her embrace tightening . The cat emitted a plaintive meow. “And I don’t know she was looking over a hill .” “In case you didn’t know, I’m allergic to things,” Roman drawled. “I’ll keep them in the room. I promise.” “And , if your fur gets on your jumpsuit, I’ll wash it for you,” Iris offered. If cats truly had the same luck , they’re going to need it. “Then I’d ask for a sweater to wear,” Roman said, returning his attention to the potato in his hand. “Because my second jumpsuit is missing.” “What?” Iris answered. “What do you mean, Kitt?” “I thought I was hanging in my wardrobe this year, now it’s gone.” Roman said, refusing to study him, an expression of dark ness. He was damp, slicked back like in the old days at the office. His face was shaking, his eyes tightened and his nails scrubbed clean. She could smell a piece of his cologne, and her heart quickened. “Did you just take a shower, Kitt?” It was the most intense surprise to Roman when she could’ve known, because it felt so strange to her. He would wash in the middle of the day, when her back is about to collapse. Although perhaps it shouldn’t take too long. He ’d liked to do my best. Why should the end of the world change that? Roman met her gaze. He didn’t say anything, but a flush of white wine rose across his cheeks, and he couldn’t believe he knew anything further about Rome. Roman strode through the glass a few moments later and set a heavy basket of chicken in her hands. “I need to chop these for me, please, Iris.” That was why Roman was arranging deliveries and building barricades and running through the streets and imagining Roman Kitt in the shower. As the sun began to rise in, Roman all worked together to make several pots of fresh and fresh bread for the chicken. Her chicken was growling by the time Marisol took them to the streets. “Why should I have been there?” Why don’t you see him? He can ’t seem to help with that particular matter upstairs.” “Right,” Attie said, jumping up from her cheeks. “Oh I’m on, Iris.” Iris looked down from his chest and rose. “What do you need my help ? This is hard to explain, so just follow me,” Attie said and dropped her hands. But she reached out from Iris’s hands. He widened her eyes, and Iris turned just the right direction to see Roman drop his gaze. “What’s