all of us like he was waiting for a gotcha. “Seriously?” Parth said. “There’s nothing in your body? .” Cleo laughed. “Yes, it’s in my body.” “This is in the air . . oh my .. the couch,” Parth cried. “You’re having a baby!” “Someone ’s on the fainting couch,” Kimmy said. “Wynnie’s going down.” Parth walked around the kitchen to hug each of them . He then looked at me, his eyes sparkling in no fog. Like his first instinct when he was younger, the answer was , whether it had hit me too, to keep the pain on. It made my heart soar and throb and the tears. With a couple of months in the house we’re all drinking some sparkling cider over the sun and pressuring our friends to name their baby Kardashian Kimberly Cleopatra Carmichael-James . One paid professional snaps me off with us. The wedding officiant arrives at four. By the night, we’re in heaven where Kim and Sabrina , our friends, will be sat around the edge of the dock, light glinting his hair, dancing with tears, and promise to love each other. Cleo and I wrap their feet around each other, our faces caught between us, and try not to have a blast on our feet. By five thirty, we’re at a little more than fifteen days, at the end of the dock, shrieking with tears, badly awaiting the FUCKING SCREAM, then soaking ourselves out of the icy sun and running up to the comfort of the pool. We order pizza—no need to leave the house, and Knott’s Harbor is on delivery—and eat it with Veuve Clicquot. We don’t talk about tomorrow, and say goodbye. To one another, to the next, to an era of life we wish could have lasted forever. Right now we’re here. When the sun starts falling off, we get off, and climb back down the rocks to watch night settle. We smell a fire, when Sabrina burns down the smoke, I hear her charred crisp, and Parth puts a smile to his to golden heart. Wyn catches me shivering, pointing to his worn-out Mattingly sweatshirt—he’s always run warm—and yanks it on his head, smiling as he ties a bow beneath my chin. It smells like smoke and seawater and him. I never want to take it off. We light the sparklers and candles in the darkness and we write our names in the dark, impermanent but all the brighter and more magical when we smell it. Here’s how I want to think of it. As something so delicate it couldn’t be caught without being snuffed out. Now I know it’s hard to comprehend how the flame may gutter and flare with the wind, but we always think about the cold. We talk about the old ghosts of Mattingly. We talk about the history of the old . The bright purple flowers that always erupted alongside us for that long road to Mattingly, and the broken eave over our New York apartment that was beginning to grow with a family. We talk about the things we remember, the things we’ll miss. “We’ll come back,” Kimmy says. “Baby needs to know about the magic of Maine.” “I don’t know,” Sabrina says.