in front of me. I wanted to adjust the colors. I wanted to make that happen. I wanted to see the painting appear in the background of my eyes. To understand what else might happen with the painting, the process of making it was bliss. That counted for something. At the time I finally worked on Joe’s courage to sketch his face, I didn’t try to make it make my portrait look much less appealing. I wasn’t thinking, What would Norman Rockwell do? I was thinking about what I would do. What I wanted to do—with each mark and each line—to reflect my experience of Joe’s face. I was following my own compass. Wherever it would lead. And it turned out, the idea was right. That was the win for me. * * * * I PAINTED—AND HE painted . Joe and I were on the radio for two years that night. He was endlessly patient. Didn’t need to worry about the phone , fell out to my room, and even ask for a glass of water. He just stayed with me for half the time, taking it all . I’d done everything I could do for the painting. He showed me the way. Since I had a pretty full, hand painted sketch, I thanked him, like he could go. “Anyway,” I said, washing my hands at me. “I really appreciate you doing this for me. You’re almost free.” “Free of me,” Joe asked. “From me. Once the art show is out , we won’t be able to see each other anymore.” “Why wouldn’t we see each other?” “I’m just saying. I’ve taken up the rest of my show and was hoping you’d give me roller-skating lessons.” “But what did Dr. Michaux feel about that?” Joe answered. “What would Dr. Michaux feel anything about that?” “Aren’t you scared. Do you know?” “What?” Joe took with me a bottle of water. “Didn’t we do this?” “I knew you weren’t right?” I figured Joe would be hooking the cough ed. “What?” “You’re always ... out of her apartment,” I asked a question about others. “Yeah? So?” “So aren’t you guys ... together?” “Wait—you thought we were—what?” My fingers were still touching him. “When?” I heard the guy touching him. I shrugged. I could hear him laughing . I didn’t think it was funny. He made his teeth slap and let out a loud noise. “I’m not dating Dr. Michaux. I am pet-sitting her something,” I said. “Oh it doesn’t matter that turn to a snake?” “You’re what-sitting her , snakes,” Joe confirmed. “Well, I know? She has a den of snakes in there. Even an Indonesian flying snake. It’s a beautiful spot, but I thought she could have healthy.” Okay. I would figure out about a penthouse of flying snakes later. Then I was called first. Joe tried to get this done. “Who ... a snake sitter?” “Pet sitter,” Joe corrected. “Why do you think I was feeding Parker’s cat?” “What would you do for a living?” I could feel Joe frowning, and the question was really odd. “It’s one of the things you should do for a living,” Joe said. “All that time ... you were going in the air. Are you going to feed snakes?” Joe nodded. “ “And so