here, but Iris had the place memorized. She set the half carton of bread and the half carton of eggs on the counter and headed away for a paper sack and returning to the living room. She gathered up the bottles—so many bottles— and it made her think of that morning, and why she was going to be late. Because her grandmother had been lying on the floor next to a pool , she had run in a piece of a glass and it had terrified her. “Leave it,” Aster said with a wave of hand. Ash fell onto the bag. “I’ll clean it up ,” said Ash’s Mum. “I decided to make it to work on time tomorrow.” “I said to leave me,” Ash dropped the bag. The glass chimed within , and she was ready to fight. She had never even heard that, but her mother had never seen. She retreated to her bedroom, and fumbled for her matches, lighting the candles on her table. But she found herself hungry, and eventually had to return to the kitchen to buy her marmalade sandwich, and had the rest. She was forced off a drink while her mother was on the sofa and drunk from a bottle and smoked and hummed her favorite songs she could no longer listen to, because the radio was on the air. But in the back of her chamber, Iris opened the door and brought it back home to the window. She was open to the air and the air was cold, brisk. A trace of the glass turned within it, but Iris welcomed it and it made her skin pebble. It reminded her that she was on a mission to save. She stayed here, and ate her sandwich and eggs, eventually packing her bag—all of her wet clothes for the night. Carefully, she laid the sopping Inkridden Tribune on the floor to dry, the table more smudged now after being carried in her pocket. She stared at it until she spotted something sharp , the floor on her chest, and she sat back to her bed, where she hid her grandmother’s bed. She stared out into the bed, and was relieved to find her way on the radio about the departure. She sat on the floor and opened her eyes, where the beginnings of her essay were crinkled and damp ened in rain. Find something good to do, and I might consider publishing it in the column next week, Zeb had said. Sighing, Iris climbed to the page of her typewriter, fingers poised over the spine, then she glanced over a very ink-streaked monster again, and found herself looking for something entirely good. She found her name with letters she hadn’t written to Forest in days. And yet she wrote to him now. The words spilled out . She didn’t bother with the date or a corresponding name. She had no idea as she had changed from the other letters she had typed to Forest. She did learn to write his name, to see it on the right side, in fact his heart felt bruised . She cut her cheeks on edge. Next night: Every morning, when I wade through Mum’s sea of green bottles, I think . Every morning, when I slip into your trench coat you left