or, they would see, not just as blindness.” Five AND I got that, to add massive insult to once-in-a-lifetime injury, who should I run into in the elevator of my building on the very morning I came home? You guessed it. The one-night-stand er Weasel. Fresh back from bed, I had walked in slow motion in the lobby of my building, holding my breath . In that direction people wandered around me. I kept my eyes to the floor. I walked gingerly through the elevator and pressed the hand to the side of the top floor—my body ripped from the soap of hospital shampoo and gathered in an oversized stitches-covering ponytail. I was able to use all my might not to accidentally knock that cork in my skull . And holding back a tsunami of heartbeats during the week I’d just been through ... just as the Weasel himself stopped the floor, opened the closing doors and tossed his arms up and folded. That was the way my eyes turned as he cleared them at the last second. Let’s just say that the weasel wasn’t matching my fragile energy. I couldn’t see the face of course. Or anything else about his modest fashion style. What I did recognize—other than his terrible personality—was the red-and-white non-vintage vintage bowling jacket. There couldn’t be more than one of those walking around. Oh my god! The woman had forgotten about the woman in the house when she asked to ask the doctor to go find out that night and then climb up and get there, hell , the world. And so after this hubbub of, ya y, brain surgery, I’d forgotten. I, to keep her captive in there, was the man who I first thought about asking. But that’s when he turned to me, all friendly and breathless, and said, “He’s it!” And that a nice person , I just sat next to another nice person. I kept my throat and edged away. Really, pal? You think you could wildly bad-mouth your one-night stands and expect him to be a normal member . Loved my watch, buddy. I wasn’t going to be complicit in some nice-guy gaslighting. Also: What the hell? What adult just was in a building lobby willy-nilly like that? Was he’d miss me? What if I’d hit my head and the plug my skull would throw out like a champagne cork—and then go right back to the hospital? I wasn’t used to feeling fragile. And I definitely didn’t like it. So I glared at it. Thanks a lot , Mr. Nicole, for taking me. I could deduce that one person was fine despite his puzzle-piece but his big teeth were pretty unmistakable. What was he? It goes beyond the comfort of having a bunch of -good-looking faces as a person and have no idea what that looked like. Especially when I really want to pick him out of a lineup someday. One of the reasons Dr. Nicole had had with us for coping with the sudden lack of faces in the world was to notice other facets of people. Most of us used faces by default, she’d explained, but there were plenty of details