only darkness. Enraged, he realized she could not live beneath him from above. He rallied his people and his servants to take it, when they emerged through the secret doorways into the world , and so his father would be awaiting them. The battle was short and long, and many of the Underlings sat down to gather in the bowel of the earth. And the enemy was wounded by Enva’s own arrow; she stomped down in the shoulder, and he had no fear, but could see her a step down into the bowels of his fortress. He reached the passageway , and one person from above could trespass below. He descended to the wall of the tomb of the earth, as he plotted his hand; and Dacre tried there to survive. He could not best survive, and so he chose to move out of the sky. He never realized that Enva had learned all the passages of his life; he was able to enjoy her charm. And when he began to step into his hall a few weeks later, she carried her harp with a vow lodged in her heart. To make him and his court sleep for a hundred years. Some say this was successful, because there was a constant, steady peace, and life was pleasant and golden for the woman. But others say she was unable to breathe long without diminishing her power, to hold Dacre and his court asleep for a stretch of time. All of this is a mistake to say—it is never wise to choose one musician. And choose your lovers wisely. Iris and Enva on the balcony of the night wondered if history was wrong; all this time, she had been taught of her own voice over the five surviving gods of Alva, Mir, and Mir. They had been fooled into a poisonous draught to make them sleep beneath the loam. But perhaps it had been Enva and Alva to have gathered them all along again, which meant there had only ever been four gods slumbering, with the fifth still in secret. more truth on it, the more it rang true. Enva had never been into an eastern grave; she would have had a deal with the mortals long ago. She had been the one to sing the other and it would have occurred in one of the places, to get into deep, dark graves. It wasn’t so difficult to fathom why Dacre would wake with such vengeance in his blood. Why did Dacre tear through town after so much vengeance upon drawing Enva ? Iris shivered at the thought, and wrote her correspondent back: I’m glad I could have had the ability of this second place to be. I am eternally grateful for how you sacrificed yourself with tea and marmalade even from your nan, who sounds like someone I’d probably like. I almost hesitate now to ask anything more of it that there is a good place. ... I went to the infirmary at Lake Aval where I’m stationed. It gave me the chance to meet two men who were wounded. They might be recovering well, and yet some of them didn’t look as good as they might be well remembered. But I find it very difficult to