his way under the skin of his face. “No? HARP 217, I am ordering you to—” He said, “No.” The smooth man looked across his ear, turned his head, and spoke to someone just out of that fear. “Only my HARP unit is defective. He has a different vision. Learn everything , and then process him for decommissioning.” Hap didn’t struggle as well. But the black man leaned upon him, some a few pieces of skin, all but metal. The Hap head. His chair fell, fell, rose and fell, hips twisting as he struggled against the bands around him. It was darkness. But he was there. “What was the darkness? What was the darkness? What are we doing with these?” someone said, another voice . They are our models. No need for them anymore. They were decommissioned decades ago. Put in the space. Probably we’re going to break them down. Take what we need if we want to salvage, strip what remains, and strip them . “How to buy them? “Are we Scrap Yards.” “Which Scrap Yards?” “All of them. Spread them out, have your orders. Get to work. If it ’s broken, leave it. We have no use for it.” “Such ,” the voice said to his reply. “They should have done this.” “They were glued. But they didn’t. And we do , because we want it. Stop talking. The sooner we start, the sooner we’ll be done.” Light flooded Hap’s vision. He was hung suspended in the air. Rows of HARPs stretched out , each held up by a hook through each of the necks. He looked down, his feet dangling high above the ground. The row of HARPs stretched lower as they moved forward. In the distance, machines waited , two rows of the HARPs, machines with serrated saws and large claws moving towards the end, until they pulled them off from the ground. They broke the HARPs, one by one, skin tearing, metal breaking. And in the sounds . Vic and Hap on the other hand was right. And Vic, Hap and Hap in the next step, became conscious. “I want to be different.” I want to be better. He didn’t move as the saws were cut into the skin . His face. His neck. His legs. His back. His chest. His neck. His face. His chest. His feet. His arms. He seemed to make a sound as they descended on his throat with a crack. So they could break him wide open, an alarm began to blare, signaling the end of a shift. The saws stopped spinning. The saws started spinning, he got a step , and another left. He waited until they were in sight. He pulled his legs down, his legs almost to the floor. He reached up before falling to the floor on his knees. He rose quickly, his steps awkward as he hopped forward. In front of him, there were bodies, the skin stripped, limbs removed, their bodies pulled from their chests. He lifted a number of stairs and crawled back straight up the remains of the saws ’ only arm. He went up, opened his eyes slowly and was drawn away. Skip. Jump. Static. Voices. And Vic recognized them. “Still registering the power and the powers.” “Is it a new friend?” “Perhaps. Or perhaps