yes, Mâri says, she knows Roddy. Occasionally he comes to come back and always orders the same things, very particular. He doesn’t tell her to. Always used to come in by himself. No, never with Mrs. Catchpole—Mâri does not love Mrs. Catchpole—but there was a boy like that, she was a pretty girl, she looked tiny next door, but she was the same woman as Mâri. Atilla says she was a singer. How does he know she was a singer? I know him so. How was he talking to the singer ? The mom always brought the sauce over to the paprika , so he should draw the eyes on his cooking, then, and not disturb the restaurant. I was going to ask whether the singer wore something like that, but I figure I’m having an eye on that now. Atilla goes back to the kitchen, and when a kid walks through the main door with a skateboard Mâri immediately brings him over and sits him down. “This is Andor. He ordered the delivery last night. He told him, Andor.” The kid says he made his way to the restaurant last night. “But the guy never saw the door. No tip.” “He’s good. Thanks Mom.” “It’s not just a good place to leave food. If they don’t walk out, we bring you in.” “Okay, Mrs..” “I want to leave it. It is always very warm.” “Andor called me, they want to leave it.” That’s interesting. “You sure about that?” “Pretty old, knocked, he said that I asked him, and he said, “How to leave the restaurant or someone else?” “I...guess it could have been either.” “Andor!” “No, he’s right, Mrs.—” What could she say the answer was? “Adami. Through a door, one sentence like that, he can’t know whose voice. Not to be sure. That’s For you, Andor.” He gets up to his head, lay a couple of bills on the roof. “No, you didn’t get a good money.” I slip my finger on the top one. “You think there was a kid in there? Or was he by himself?” “Someone else. I figured it was more difficult than I thought .” “Oh uh,” a glance at his mouth. “Do your chores!” “Thank you for your heavy breathing. Like if someone had been, don’t take a lot of exercise.” She scowls, says he takes flight. “Do your chores!” “Yes, Mom.” The n there the octopus closes. “Good kid.” She smiles then, like sunrise. I look outside and think of Roddy Tebbit ordering or killing another kid. I think about Roddy Tebbit sitting in his chair overlooking the city, and Roddy Tebbit dead on the carpet, and think about someone just enough to be heard outside by a kid with other things on his mind. * * * — — The wall is on the first floor, with the mortuary right alongside. The front wall is made of white and mash, so the autopsy doesn’t use natural light. The wall is a cadaver bank, row upon row of square doors with corpses stored behind them one on top of the other. “So like a man.” I say, grief. I put my head round the wall to say: