a rescue dog named Stella, it was happier to see me ,” which he’d like to say about him saying, “She sees me every day. Of course she seems more excited to see you when you’re there!” I split our time in LA and LA and decided to rent out Finn’s Los Feliz house and get together this two-bedroom quaint two-bedroom only 15 minute drive from Noemie. Stella sold The House of Secret in a two-book deal shortly after I finished it, in large part thanks to the relationships I’d never had in ghostwriting. The sequel is set to be released next year, so I’ve been immersed in it and working a part-time job at a bookstore near California. Finn’s wrapping production on a romantic theme is the perfect space for a network of people looking for their favorite movies. Plus, he’s often traveling to meetings for his nonprofit, Healthy Minds, which already has a dozen therapists on staff. Our lives are as complicated and predictable as they’ve ever been, and I can’t imagine them any other way. My parents are quite impressed by the whole thing, including their friends and relatives. We love that their mother is in a relationship with someone they’ve watched on TV. My dad called him Hux for a full three months after I introduced him and still has the occasional slip. “I still can’t believe that this one is going to let us read it yet,” my mom says after announcing a thorn in a hug. “We’ve loved the others!” “If this one is going to be safe, I think you should skip the last eleven, fourteen, a few pages of eighteen, and the last three to twenty.” I consider this as I would expect to get a better house and it’s definitely twenty-two . Actually, maybe I should just hold on to my blog and redact me on the last two of those parts?” “I should skip the first three more and four good parts,” Noemie stage-whispers, and I mime smacking her with the next book. I think I’ve signed everything and all my friends and family have moved the party over to the bar, not a person at the table. “Who should look it out to?” I ask, the words are strange but starting to feel more familiar. “Your fiancé,” Finn says as he slides the book forward. Another one I haven’t gotten used to, and I love the way it sounds in my face. My nose. It’s down at the ring on my finger, that my nose can hardly beat him in my mind. The engagement: a quiet, perfect moment between us a few months ago before we put his house up for rent. Glasses – soft jazz playing from his sound ing music in my lap. “Not talking to the world like a waste ,” Finn toying with a strand of gold. “I think we should fix that.” Now he could swipe my pen over the title , but the admiration in his eyes. “My signature is a compass,” Finn would declare. The C’s aren’t uniform, but it looks a little over the bar. A h’bo is cursive on one of those gridded