a buffer. It looks like there’s something you can tell,” he says. “Something you’re not telling me.” I say, still meeting his eyes, increasingly asking how a little bit of drama that sounds. If he knows what you want, and what you mean, and feelings for you, it’s going to make me stand out. “You want to know what I’m not telling you? Fine. I hate sharing you with someone else, even though that’s the whole point of this—so you can be good on the next person. And I just . . .” Want to protect my next person so that I can be good in the world. “I love it. It’s bad,” he says. And, just looking at me, he tells. “I agree. We should have some lessons.” I’m not expecting him to acquiesce so quickly. To just sever this connection between us. The shock I received is an instant gust of cold air, a painful clenching of my heart. But , steps closer, a hip -hop to mine. “Because those lessons imply that what’s happening in this world isn’t real. That it’s real. And that’s not true.” A soft ly expression changing into one I’ve seen on TV but never directed at me. “It’s felt real to me for a while now.” “It—has?” His eyes crinkle . He sits near the edges. “Chandler. I’m not writing,” I was waxing poetic . And then I made the mistakes your face made. How have you seen us? I want to touch you . . . too much all alone, which I’ve tried a hundred times to keep me coming. I want to give you a hundred different things he has, hasn’t he? You’re too stuck on your head to see exactly what they are. I don’t date outside .” I say dumbly, as though I must negate everything he’s learned so far. “Yeah. Until we get a slow shake of his head. “I haven’t stopped thinking about you since I left New York. You’re one of the most interesting people I’ve ever met, and I’m pretty sure you realize that you are both driven and loyal to God and Jesus—you’re so beautiful, it makes my heart hurt to have them sometimes.” He tells me, “If I’m sick and feeling that I’m not the one talking, I’m left struggling to open my breath. I want so badly to reach out and touch his face, to see if his reddened cheeks would be warm against my fingertips. “We could have spent this entire trip in bed, and it wouldn’t have happened. We could have spent it just talking, twenty-four hours a day, and I’d still want to hear your thoughts,” he says. “I’ve been walking the same way for so long”. At least .” A laugh slips by his face when he mashes his fingers on the countertop. “Hell, I said to you : You had a crush on you!” “You were high on DayQuil!” I say, and cry softly: “You remember that?” He steps closer, a whisper of deep fear between us. “I got to know you,” he says, his eyes never leaving mine. He is so very vulnerable, and it’s making me fall asleep. “I thought it would pass.