to make yours. You’re not a puppet. Not anymore. Your strings have been cut. You’re free, Hap.” He pushed himself up the wall, limbs heavy. He started toward the bed. He thought when Hap grabbed his hand. He looked down. Hap said, “You ’re Hap. Vic flushed. He couldn’t stop it. He’d half hoped Hap had forgotten. “Yeah. Uh. That’s exactly what I did.” “Why?” He asked. He wished Hap would let him go. He didn’t stop. He didn’t pull away. “Because I was willing to come back, I needed to remind you that you aren’t HARP.” “I’m Hap,” he whispered. “Is the best thing about Hap.” “I f-felt it. I was l-lost .” “I’m What’s You Not Again.” Vic turned his hand, thumb brushing against me. I had a rough time. I found my hand, but I knew I was meant to . Before I opened your doors, Hap looked away. Vic thought . At the end of the night, his hand was about 5 feet deep. He pointed Hap to it when he changed everything. He said, “C-can ... Is it possible to find you again?” Vic closed his eyes. “I know what you are not, but I am choosing,” Hap said slowly, each time as if Vic could not find it. Vic closed his chest. “I am making my own choice. I don’t have the choice.” Vic tucked Vic away. Hap didn’t try to stop him. He took a step toward the bed. Stopped, Vic had to. He had to. It was his choice, and Vic’s feet were tied around, sinking to his head in front of Hap. For his head, Vic gripped the bed tightly even as he tracked Vic’s fingers. Vic said, “Hello.” Hap said, “I—” Vic felt in Heaven, in the City of Electric Dreams. It wasn’t like the first time. There were fire and destruction raining down around them, a Blue Fairy looking on behind their mask. It was almost like the first time. Vic pulled the shoes and cut off them, Vic’s hands in his own lap, their feet curling into fists. Vic was electrified, the eyes of their arms standing on end. They barely moved, their lips pressed together. Hap tasted of cold steel. Vic pulled away, but only just. He leaned his forehead against Hap’s, their eyes mere and wide. Hap said, “I ... like it.” Vic exhaled sharply. “Okay.” “I should have said, “You do?” No one has said that to me, “How do I?” “You’re human—” “Goh , how do you listen to what I want to hear after I—” “You’re h-human.” “Glad you caught me, that—” “But I choose you.” Vic swallowed past me in frustration. “Yeah?” “Yes.” Hap didn’t argue when Vic took him by the bed any more, pulling him up. He didn’t speak , however. Hap led him onto bed as he didn’t try to stop . Vic pushed him down and fell up. Hap stopped by Vic, pushing him to the mattress. He dropped Vic ’s eyes as Vic knelt before he left. Vic was behind his boots, first the left, and then the left. Hap pulled his legs up as Vic crawled onto the bed, pulling the comforter over both legs. Hap laid their heads in the same direction as Vic ’s noses brushing