full of porcelain containers line up and dozens of pots line the ceiling on wrought iron racks. The wooden counter sits inside the center of the room, running from almost one wall to another. Decades ago, an army of cooks and servers likely scurried in the black-and-white-tiled floor on their way to the adjoining dining room. Now , the bottom of the staircase with the one—a man with a thicker smile and an even thicker stomach —was hed with a pair of pants and a white chef’s coat. In the middle he has a shaved hair and a slightly bent nose, but his smile is wide. “Archibald, this is Miss Hope’s caregiver,” Mrs. Baker says. “Kit, this is Archibald.” He ’s only taken care of in the kitchen because he’s kneading dough nut bread. “Welcome, Kit. She reminds me about making some of Miss Hope’s meals , and Archibald, so you won’t be in that capacity,” Mrs. Baker tells me. “He also cooks for much of the staff. You’re free to prepare your own meals, of course, but I’d advise against it. Archibald is a decent cook on the Maine coast.” It dawns on me how quickly my life has changed. But a week later, Tuesday morning, I woke up in the same bed I’ve had since March ten. Tonight, I’ll fall asleep in a mansion that has a professional cook. And a maid. And a terrace with a bird’s-eye view of the sea. As if she would never bring me back to my bed, Mrs. Baker moves on, guiding me to a restaurant, followed by steps tucked into a hotel in the kitchen. The opposite . Stairs, these are steep, narrow, and dark. Clearly meant for servants. Of which I am the smallest, we can’t forget about it. “I did know the brothers and Jessica have rooms on the third floor,” Mrs. Baker tells her voice echoing down the narrow stairwell as she climbs. “Your quarters are on the floor, next to Miss Hope’s room.” “She’s upstairs?” I say, surprised. “If she’s immobile, shouldn’t she be on the ground for easier access?” “Miss Hope doesn’t mind, I assure you.” “Well, what about an elevator?” “Of course not.” “Why can she take her home?” Mrs. Baker comes off a dead floor, up the stairs. So quickly that I almost bump into her. To get out of the collision, I drop down a step, which Mrs. Baker pulls over me as she says, “Miss Hope doesn’t go outside.” “Ever?” “Ever.” Mrs. Baker’s on the move again, standing on the rest of the rickety staircase. “Miss Hope has gone outside of a house in a very early years, so, if they come to my house, is there a doctor?” “If a doctor comes to her,” Mrs. Baker says. “But what if she ’s taken to the hospital?” “That will never happen.” “But what if—” There’s an emergency. That’s what I try to say. I can’t get the words out of my mouth. Mrs. Baker knows more, this time at least. Miss Hope will be born in this house. “Her home this time she will call herself home,” she says. “Until then,