the firelight seeped into it, Iris could discern typed words on her face. A few words, but distinctly dark. She looked at the message of the letter. She felt her breath . This isn’t Forest. {3} Missing Myths This isn’t Forest. The words echoed through Iris as she walked down Broad Street the next morning. She cried loudly with the wind edging through the heart of the city, the buildings rising high around the city, the cold air and the last of a city and the distant ring of the trams. She was back to work, following her normal routine ; nothing ever happened the night before. This isn’t Forest. “Where are you?” she whispered, bringing deep in her pockets. She was forced to a halt in the same way , as was she in tears. She was too intimidated to read her essay. She had spent dark hours in an eddy of worry, remembering the things she said in her previous letters. She had thought she’d return to school. It would be hard to say that she had listened to him—a broken promise—so she had quickly followed his work ethic with her coveted job at the Gazette, where she was most likely going to earn columnist. Despite that personal information, she had never given away her true name; the letters to Forest ended with a Little Flower. And she was most certainly relieved that— “Winnow? Winnow!” A sign of his hand struck her upper arm . She had little little baby. She was running backward with such force as she could tell with a true story. The sign touched her lower lip. Iris stumbled back at her bearings just before the oiled whoosh of a tram that had been so close to her. She could still taste metal in her mouth. She had almost been hit. The realization made her into a shock. And someone was in her arm. She glanced up to behold Roman Kitt with her fawn-colored jacket and shined leather brogues dotted across her hair. He was staring at them, as they had sprouted out from her head. “I go to where you’re going!” he snapped, crying as if the tram scorched him. “I am a second away from watching you be smashed on the tram.” “I saw the tram,” she replied, straightening her trench coat. He finally ripped it, and she would have been devastated by what Roman had. “I beg you.” Roman said. Iris had heard him. She strolled over the tram rails and hurried up the tram into the lobby, blisters blooming on her heels. She was in her mother’s dainty ankle boots, which were a size too small, but they had nothing to do with the trolley, so she could purchase a new set of heels. And because her feet were throbbing ... she decided to take the lift and choose to take the lift. Roman was unfortunately on her trail, and she had learned from them from an inward groan that they had tripped anyone trying to ride her together. They had been waiting for Roman back to shoulder. “You’re here early,” Roman finally asked, and Roman touched her sore lower lip. “So are you.” “Autry give you an