is if you can turn my mind vaguely around the office and have me sat in the middle of the evening, I feel like you’re right about the job because you’re right. Hi! Penny Reaser is in a tan, shaped, tanned, with brown eyes enhanced by blue eye shadow. Her blond hair is cropped short and appears to be in no particular style. She offers me a seat, and I think her office can easily be cleaned in its own way. The main thing is that she lays a table with a few rows of papers and neat stacks of paper. Penny’s bookcases are heaving and each smooth and finished in fine-cut glass. Her desk is filled with book catalogs, stationery bits, and loose sheets of paper despite there a tall filing cabinet in the corner. I think the cabinet is probably full. My friend has a shredder under her desk and might suggest Penny get a place. We talk about OTP’s list (a variety of nonfiction, but my main focus will be on food and drink) and my experience, before going on to my role here. “The role will start out with my diary, minute-taking, meeting prep, online orders—very much what you’ll have already done and are proficient in,” she says. She reaches with a sip of her tea, I get a plain blue lipstick and she takes a picture , her nails are painted Barbie pink by someone who walks her within lines. I wonder if she has made it clear that she is on the job? “We’re trained in our database MDX and our data is stored,” she continues, adding a lot you’ll learn on the job. We pair all of the people together with our editor so we can have an invaluable insight into what it means to be an editor from the very start. That sounds promising. Not just the admin portion, especially since the “meeting prep” is industry talk for making good coffee, but if I can get through that period, I’ll only learn the realities of the publishing trade. Maybe move into fiction take a year or two. Look at that—I ’m planning a good plan. Next I have to complete two fifteen-minute tasks: mark up a printout of Penny’s calendar with what I’d be doing and what concerns I might have. Then read the short story and correct the three entries from within your diary, then write the first paragraph of the timeline (where I start with the short story, use the to/too/two and they’re/their/there errors, as well as the words of ‘they’ (the little girl’s been called three different names within the last paragraph) and mark up the relentless ly-reaction of these commas. I move on to Penny’s diary and this task is easy; I’ve been managing your workload with the overworked schedule for now. I have to report that you can’t have back-to-back meetings in two weeks, but an hour of action should always be set , as if that’s what it’s used for. I move clashes, but thanks to other diaries, I can only suggest changes. If I query Penny what two of these times she had gathered in her diary for information’s sake and which ones she’ll be chairing and may be holding, I’ll bring material