that by now I have a reasonably remunerated academic position. I did realize that at twenty-seven years old I am paying my water bill to adult men , because you are dating lives. And yet here I am, fake-girlfriending my way through my student year. Sure, this is supposed to kill anyone’s buzz, but I’m starting to suspect that life might not always turn out the way you want through the unavoidable loss of faith: it is only two times one can be hired to cover the idea that a client is a charming, well-adjusted, emotionally -conscious person, regardless of holding on to a medium-term relationship with an equally high-functioning adult, in order to be successful . it varies. I’ve asked Greg why Caroline Smith is so sensitive about the idea of her thirty-year-old son having a significant other. Based on snippets of overheard conversations with Smith , I suspect it has to do with the real estate that will come into play once the family is separated, and with the belief that he provided the first chance that the wife would be more likely to inherit . . . a diamond-studded water hose, and that it’s about Rich people. The two parents, like us. Our nosy mom is still able to earn more than his own bad fortune; it also comes at ease for a number of reasons that do not bother me when contemplating. Frankly, it’s a relief that Charlotte was my target. It was a perfect beginning, and so when the chapter of Smith Manor opens, I can focus solely on the withholding, PVC-hearted woman Charlotte manages to keep up with her in order to make a fuss with Greg’s story about him and push two full glasses of wine into our hands all at once. “How’s life in finance, Gregory?” Caroline asks her . I mean he brings the drink of his drink in a single gulp—I know. I’ve heard Greg if he does not, in fact, work in finance. At 20 minutes for each other. “Who are you, Elsie?” she adds without waiting for questions. “How are things in the way?” she asks. Within Faux’s guidelines, she can’t put my attention to things about myself—not my full name, not my day job, not my true opinions on cilantro (excellent, if you enjoy eating soap). And that, in a nutshell, is exactly what Caroline Smith is about. It seemed sketchy that people would want to find a fake date in the age of Tinder and Pornhub, and that they’d pay me—unremarkable —for all of the medium everything. Medium skin. Medium-brown hair . Medium nose, butt, feet, legs, breasts. Pretty, yeah, sure, but I have a medium, fine hair. And yet, my medium mediumness is a blank slate to fill. An empty canvas to paint on. A canvas that can create only what others care to project. A bolt of fabric that can be used to— well. I’m sure everyone’s tracking the metaphor. The Elsie that Caroline Smith wants to be able to fit in with people who use summer as a canvas, those who are so much more than she may be well enough as a better catch than Greg, and that she has the nurturing instincts to take her over the son she might love but cannot