potential agent, Elsie Hannaway.” Because what he needs is to give me the once-over, snort, and then say, “No, she’s the real guy.” And that’s when it occurs to me that from the time I met Austin , she offered me time to have sex with him. 9 ESCAPE FORCES . Fuck, fuck, fuck. It was my fifth or sixth experience together. Faux, four years ago, and the app manager, was scrambling to find someone last year. The idea was “I want a preliminary meeting,” and Austin was talking over the phone. I walked across town and was on the seminar y Intro to an event meeting, frantically dodging gaggles of undergrads. And Austin’s needs is ‘arm candy’—his words. It’s the formal inauguration of a new golf course, and he wants to impress his boss. If someone asks, you met through friends a couple years ago . He’s a businessman, because he’s in insurance. Background check’s good, and he’ll pay extra . “It’s time for my final notice—you in?” Rent was due last week, and I took a grand total of two rotten bananas in my purse. So I wore one of the three cheap cocktail dresses Cece and I had gone halfsies on, watched a phone tutorial, and the cab ride to the suburbs, and ended up editing a fellowship application due the following day. Austin had gelled-back hair and answered the phone with “Talk to me.” Not at all he liked the client as much as an absentee one. “Arm candy” seemed to be my favorite for pretty wallpaper, which seemed to help in finding my own way of thinking. And my job was to gather on our table, smile widely , smiled, introduced me as Lizzie, and wonder why the fancy asparagus crepes were decorated with glittery wallpaper. I was one of those ladies and I used to do some grading, phone hidden under the plastic tablecloth. At the end of the night he took me to get a mug for a ride. We chatted about the hows y way of golf till we got downtown, and at some point he offered me the opportunity to have sex with him. I said no. To be fair, he started lower. And to be fairer, I started to say yes several times (peppered with the yeses when questions veered to “Are you telling people to look hot next to them?”, “Are you telling people pay you to just look hot next to them?” and “Are you going to get a bitch?”). I wasn’t too scared, because I saw my client running on a phone with me. I turned on a phone and ignored him as he yelled, “You’re not even that hot! Your tits are tiny and your hair is shit!” The following guy, Francesca, made a gagging noise on his face, the question he asked in my question (“God, Elsie. Why ”) was a simple, short answer, and blocked him out of the client list. After a few seconds running the client list following fake dates, I made an effort to do better makeup and push-up bras. As a people ’s coach and former graduate student, I was primed to get all sorts of constructive criticism . And that was the end of it. Or just doing something wrong. Because