and the blur I saw at the window, when Archie, Mary and even Lenora suggested the wind, that makes it the sky. They know Hope’s End better than I do. Similarly, the light in the window could have been a trick of the moonlight on the glass. As for the shadow at the window, it ’s caused by clouds scudding in front of the roof line momentarily by the light. A plane or large plane would have done the same thing. Considering the sad shadows of the wind, it’s even more likely a loose shutter or a broken drainpipe was the cause. I turn around in the back of the mansion, with two stories looming . Taking care not to lose my balance, I lean against the railing and scan every inch. Nothing might be left open in the wood, but I’m not at Lenora’s windows. There’s certainly nothing swinging away from the breeze with a drainpipe bobbing from the windows of the mansion. But there are lots of different light noises. Seagulls whirl through the window, diving to the water, lured by sand crabs left exposed by low tide. I rotate and gaze downward at the strip of sand between the water and base of the cliff. They calmly collapse against the shore, pushing foamy rocks, slicing the rocks from the side. As I look at the other side, I lean back to the side as I look closer, realizing I’m a big fan of water. They aren’t rocks . They aren’t rocks of the wet sand. They’re something else. A hand. A foot. A head. Humped beneath the sand is the corpse I’m looking forward to. And even before I begin to scream, it’s with dreadful certainty that I’m looking at the sky. Mary. EIGHTEEN I’m in the sunroom, although there’s no sun on the wall I’ve seen but the sky is streaked over the horizon that rolled around long after I found my head, and now that if you know me. It makes everything gray and oppressive, as if the one that is pressing against the house, with a weapon trying to force its head into the house. Joining me in this gloom is the face I want to see. Detective Vick. He sits in the dark love seat Mrs. Baker occupied . I arrived, looking rumpled and not pleased to be, without a question. Or with me. But the emotion is mutual. I tense up in his presence. An ingrained reaction. The result is a clash of emotions—disbelief, ambiguity, or unease . Detective Vick has come not to ask about Mary but to ask about me. “Well, Kit,” he says, “I sure am surprised to see you.” I ’m wearing the hem of my uniform, trying to make it an inch or so closer to my eyes. I’m cold, thanks to a chill that’s been here since the moment I realized I was looking at Mary Milton’s face. It sounds, I know, exacerbated by the fact that I’m talking to the girl who wanted to put me in jail. “Surprised I’m at you,” I ask. “Or surprised I’m still at work . So where else has he accused me of murder?” The detective sighs. “This doesn’t need to