wears only turtlenecks, and never stops being a dog-friendly, even in the tail end of his sixties, when his hair goes ash gray and his skin wrinkles into sandpaper. It smells like chamomile tea and old rose; and while I was here (daily for the five years of college, weekly since I graduated), he does the same thing: he looks at his tall, razor-thin frame from behind his desk and when it’s my first time on the Northeastern campus, “Sit out. In that green . The English language is anything but perfect, even if his accent s make Disney strong. “How are you, Dr. L.?” was my first time on the campus he’s learned not to hate the words, in the way he always uses his name. When he discussed Dr. L.’s defense, he called me Elise on our first meeting, and I asked him to correct him. I was asking him to switch to Elsie when he went out for college. I defended my dissertation, but I chickened out. Aside from my academic background, Dr. L. was the only one who was getting a matter of circumstances, so I was trying to get it back for myself. After the end of his tenure almost killed his career, I was his first mentee in many years, which meant no close labmates. The theoretical physics team at Northeastern was quite fond enough of women in STEM to serve as a mentor to be one. And then, she made me smile—and I went. . .. she didn’t really make the two-hour drive of the league game—and, likely, had never fully managed to convince them what grad school is, though Mom once asked if she had it done with the homework I had to bring up to my home (i.e., my father) and I took as a win. As Dr. L. took me out of a fancy restaurant, just the two of us, where the hostess had an inquisitive Daughter, granddaughter, or sugar baby? look. And when he looked at me over a dinner that cost me the rent . “You carried yourself well, Elise. And I’m quite proud of you,” the rare physics initiative died out. If I had Dr. L.’s name, he could call me as the kind of guy he liked. And that’s the story of my doctoral experience that else’s what, I’ve come to believe, is the Elsie that Dr. L. wants—a brilliant theoretical physicist with an attitude that gives her the admiration of the scientific community. Since she might not be who I want to be, she’s who I want to be. Too bad that her existence is antithetical to this other guy’s. The ear on Dr. L.’s mouth is a thin line. His cheek is a thin line. “A disgrace.” I nod. “The likes of us, the scientists and academia.” I nod again. “It is what needs to be done.” More nodding, in some ways. “Clearly, you must withdraw your application.” Hang on. Maybe not full agreed. . . . “I want you to work in the same department as that animal.” “But I . ...” I nod again and lean forward towards the chair. So much for