in a very short time. “According to Javier’s grandma, there was no gun in the camp here in 1971. That’s twelve years before they shot The Curse of Camp Mirror Lake. They were saying six people died, but they never heard anything like that.” “I wouldn’t say that, but you’d think if something like that really happened here, it might get mentioned more,” Bezi asks. “I feel like it’d be a selling point for this place.” Kyle looks appalled. “Jesus.” “I am not saying anything.” Bezi says . “I just sayin’.” He hands her hands up straight. “What?” I ask. “What is it?” “I forgot—I will never tell you.” I touch her head. “When Ms. Keane was waving her gun around, me and Paige barricaded against the court, but we still had to go out there for a little good, but we, uh—we kicked in that locked room.” “What?” I ask. “Did I fix anything?” Bezi purses her lips. “Come on.” I sigh. “I gotta fix it if you broke something. There’s little equipment in there.” “No there isn’t,” she says. “Now’s what I’m doing about it. But no equipment in there at all. Just boxes of junk. Just boxes and folders from what we could see.” I look over him, Lamont said it was in there. “I’m going to fix it, and we talked about it.” I ask. “it’s more valuable than anything else we have out here.” Bezi shrugs. “Maybe there is something in there that your boss doesn’t want to see.” I pause and pull Bezi back. “That is me. Obviously, I want to go have a look.” I turn to Javier ’s office. “Y’all coming?” “Nah,” Javier says. “I’m tired. I want to take a nap until Tasha and them come back down, we need to start cleaning up and cleaning the kitchen,” Kyle says. “But you’d tryna g our house out of here tomorrow, right?” “Yeah,” I say. “As long as we get everything done. Day after tomorrow at the latest.” Kyle looks severely disappointed. “I’ll be back to sleep a little bit,” I say. He makes an immediate smile, as I head to the door center. The door in the closet in the control room is smashed around the hinges and the frame is smashed around the lock plate. I narrow ly looked at Bezi. “Y’all busted this thing wide open.” “We were scared,” Bezi says. “My adrenaline was pumping. Sorry. I think we can fix it, though.” I feel the drawer open, open and glance at this large closet. Bezi is right; there’s no extra room but dozens of containers filled with file folders and paper. The odor lingers in the air and they come out of gray dust . A skitter of tiny boxes will give me some mice have made this a beautiful place to live at home. I grab one of the boxes in the window and open its water-damaged flaps. Inside are a few white and red whistles . I pull out one of the tops and close it up. It’s filled with holes where mice or moths , mice and moths have actually ate their way through the