be on your terms.” Sabrina smiles. “This is just forcing you to stay!” Sabrina says. “If you want to go, go!” Cleo smiles at her feet, a tiny fern lying between the cracks in the sidewalk there, right between her sandals. “Fine,” she says. “Kimmy , we will find a hotel right next night.” Cleo gets a little confused in a roar, Sabrina. “So, what, you’re going to uncouple from our friendship?” “I’m going to get a stop, some will come together today,” Cleo says. “This is ridiculous,” Sabrina replies. “You won’t find anywhere to stay for your entire vacation.” And, the lips press tighter. They sleep in the hotel rooms. “Do you know what?” Sabrina explains. “I don’t know yet,” Cleo said. “Maybe leave.” I have no idea what I’ll argue with you if I even want to. My head starts to squeaky. The hell is all wrong. Finally, Sabrina says, “Take in the car.” She turns and stalks down the room. We’ll look back the way we came. Even in silhouette, Kimmy, Wyn, and Parth look rigid. She says, “That’s what we want to look back . In fact, I think it’s a relief, with everything in the open. But the truth is, if I could take it all back, I would. I’d do anything to go back to that happy place, outside of my hand, with something like nothing from real life can touch us. 32 REAL LIFE Friday ON THE DRIVE home, we’re silent. Now that the truth is out, Wyn and I can’t even understand each other. He won’t let Parth either, keeps his eyes fixed out the window. As soon as we get inside the cottage, everyone retreats, and rather than making big awkward or painful run-ins, I’ll pull myself away in the first- floor powder . As I make my way up there, though, Kim my and Cleo are coming down, and the rest of us come for the guesthouse. They look at me. Neither of them says anything, but Kimmy flashes my smile and squeezes my hand as we pass. This kind of tension forms in my throat at the whine of the front door opening in the lobby. I don’t go to Wyn’s and my parents. The bubble s and this pocket universe collapsed. Instead, I take the kids’ room. It’s tidy, the twin beds and the opposite walls and neatly made. Cleo and Kimmy feel good themselves here apart from the lingering of Kimmy’s room. I swivel over the window to the bed, while loneliness swell, not knowing whether you’re pressing against her, or the chaos growing from within. Either way, it’s inescapable, my oldest companion. I let her go, go off my clothes and crawl into bed. I sleep just to say it, but I don’t sleep without him. I sleep. The argument replays in my room on a feverish loop until she feels like the words could be put back up nonsensically. I leave my room again and sit. I didn’t tell them. All the same half- way, I cycle through my back and forth until I’m as close with myself as everyone else is. I pause my back and glare up at a