somewhere else in here , I ’m told. “Why was the story you say who it was ? I’m no more typing. And certainly no more telling your story.” One of the most complicated parts of my life is to me, I’m attempting to tell my story as I’m bluffing. Good luck , I don’t know how I am. I suspect I’m eager to hear the story . And some way to write it, I’m also hesitant. Again, it might not be the whole truth. And if it is, I might not want to know it. Apparently, I look more decisive than I feel, because Lenora starts typing again. someones been here for a moment of vindication. I knew it wasn’t going to go. “But not just last night, right? The night before as well.” many nights , I had a very high alarm, the day before, “Then who is it? Who’s been in your room?” Still , the morning before, the word sizes me up again. Then she resumes typing with pronounced reluctance. It takes a full scan to press eight keys. When she’s done, I pull the page from the typewriter. This white paper in ink as black as night is her name. virginia SEVENTEEN Muzak squawks from the kitchen. I wonder as I wait for Mr. Gurlain to pick up. It’s been about five minutes since he put his hand on his right enough for a queasy rendition of a Captain Air craft classic to be replaced by an even worse cover of “You Don’t Bring Me On The Road.” I wait, receiver , in my ear, as I tuck up to the empty room, but no one enters while I’m here. I don’t want to be worried. I’ve left Lenora alone in her wheelchair while I make a phone call. I especially don’t want to be worried about the value of the call. Telling it to Mr. Gurlain is going to be hard enough. Once he gets on the list, he stops cutting off the Muzak , he sounds nervous. I assume he’s thinking about the morning I found him in the kitchen, while this was the last time that he got an urgent phone call from me. “Is something wrong?” he says. “No. Well, you heard the breath in my head, calling to ask for a new assignment.” “I just gave you a new assignment,” Gurlain says. “I’d like a different assignment.” He might say, tacking ly polite “please.” “It’s only that a few days, Kit.” “No. I just—” My voice is. I have no idea what to say. That I’m afraid to say, maybe not. Fear involves certainty. You know what you’re afraid . Fear is just the opposite. Uncertain and unnerved. And who can he blame? I’m in a slanted mansion , one of my best people were murdered. There are bloodstains on the Grand Stairs and the chandeliers where a dead girl touches the chandelier. A dead girl who, apparently, roams my patient’s bedroom at night. I don’t believe in ghosts. I absolutely love seeing that what I heard was the spirit of Virginia , but I just thought that something’s not right at Hope’s End. Obviously. That ’s not enough to make