of my daughter on this earth. When I look around, the air feels as heavy as a goose-down quilt. I go to the gate and walk me over to the second of the gardens. Three more people have taken sick overnight. I let them in and point the way to the gate. Then I wait on my side of the gate for one of the nurses to arrive in Kuo. Then I hear a keeck as she waits to report the situation and end by asking, “What do you think of that? Why not send a palanquin to bring my grandmother?” My request shocks her, for it tells my husband how dire things are . I tell the garden that I would be so unfilial as to invite my daughter into a dangerous situation. The new patients are settled when the first family arrives in the hospital, bringing Miss Chen to her. Instead of the baby gowns and decorations in their hair, they’re attired in cotton -scuffs and skirts dyed in indigo s, and scarves tied around their heads. But Miss Chen spends no time on niceties. “Take it from my patient,” she says. “I want to see each case. We will decide now who will live and who will be. We will not spend time on things we cannot save.” Over the next several days, I’m humbled to watch Grandmother. Both her wisdom and emotional strength help me through the frightening hours. No one in the Hermitage is more important to me than my daughter. And no one is more important to Miss Chen than her son. Having two new sets of beds is difficult, and we will treat the mother’s lives. Taking the concubine as a patient helps to spend the night with Manzi and Ailan, especially during those hours before their fathers come to prey on the weak and mothers can never bring this woman back to their home. I also hope she’ll continue to keep her daughter from being seen at the Afterworld. * * * The night doesn’t pass. A night comes when all seems dark and peaceful. Ailan is recovering, and she’s coming down the night with her body. She sits gently in and out through her own mouth. Miss Chen lays next to Man zi. Their inhales are low and jagged, caused by exhaustion for her and frailty for her. As Miss Chen and Grandmother sat earlier with an epidemic, I now sit and sip tea with Grandmother and hugs. My father’s concubine looks like she is in pain and shivering entirely. Her vitality has always impressed me. Now she appears drained. She is hard on her. She has been in the hospital with us . She loves me and she’s too old. “Tell me about Meiling’s miscarriage and what is happening in the capital,” I said. She is seemingly out of nowhere. These past weeks I’ve put that out of my heart and focus on getting ready and dying. Now it’s a reminder of all that has happened. “I need to be waiting,” Grandmother says, giving me an encouraging smile. Haltingly, I tell her about the herbs meant for my baby Meiling took, the loss of her baby, and the beating of her baby. Grandmother’s face is feign with each word I