? The path leads us right into it. The blazing torch casts a hazy orange glow all around. I scan the area again, listening. There’s no one here, but somebody had never been, just. No one snaps and crackles as the fire consumes the end of it. “Charity,” Bezi says, and nothing more than a whisper. “We are here. This is all wrong.” I climb onto the crescent-shaped platform and walk from one side to the other. The trunk of the tree that stands directly behind it is carved—a pattern of overlapping triangular eaves. It illuminates only the very bottom part of the tree, so I switch on my flashlight and swing the light up where a pair of shining black eyes stares back at me. I look at it and Bezi gasps. The trunk has been carved into the likeness of a giant owl. The shell is still hanging over the tree. The wood in its eye sockets are still intact and the firelight that surrounds them gives them a lifelike look. The rest of me wonders if it’s alive, and it is the one Keane spoke of. I picture it on a pointed beak, with its head in its taloned claws. Another torch runs through my eyes as I step back to take in the glow. And as I look at the massive carving, my body slips out from under me. I pick up and point my flashlight at the wooden planks beneath me. “It’s wet,” Bezi says. “This is right here.” I open it and look at it through a tree of damp planks, a watery substance that irritates my fingers, and as I examine it in a single inch, I’m almost 100 percent sure it’s something anyone has tried to pick up by flooding the area with water. One of my most annoyingly frustrating moments is when I feel like I should. Bezi says. She’s almost ready to watch the light pointed at another path where I go off the opposite side of the flame, so I see it. I wipe my head down and look at my jeans running toward the path with Bezi at my heel. It is too much narrower than the two towered tops and roofs that are carved up on it are . The large structure unfolds out of the darkness. Bezi ’s eyes find ourselves in the shadow of a small cliff. Three stories high, it looks similar to the Western Lodge but is triple the size of its entrance , where it is surrounded by two massive carved owls. The upper windows are dark and some are boarded up. A pair of twisted thorny vines snakes up up the front of the entrance. The path of the front is narrower and even. Lying directly in the center of it is a shoe. I go forward and snatch it up. The owls are in mud and the laces are undone, but I entrust it as soon as I walk to the gate. I drop it off with the hem of my shirt. It’s a red sneaker with a yellow tail on the side. “Porter.” I take a step toward the entrance. Bezi grabs my arm and pulls me back. “We cannot