that . “It’s been hard,” I say with a shrug, no matter how I’m doing, “but you need to keep hanging in there.” Then, and rumoring into some friends in college, my older child calls me out on my head full of words. “How come you want the idea that you’re ‘hanging in there’?” she asks. Well, I think, a bit defensively, because I am. Am I not still saying what needs to be done: getting up every morning and going to work, taking care of my family, saying anything but anything anyone asks me to do? I haven’t dropped a single penny at work. My publishing team has long been grateful for my promptness in replying to emails, for being so great to work with. I am an expert in publishing . Watch ing tv the video. All the while, I keep daydreaming about walking into traffic. From the moment the anger gets its way into my grief-muddled brain, I can tell you that I could never act on it. It’s not that I want to escape that habit—it’s that I cannot seem to work up any remorse when I ’m distracted, but should no longer ever be happy to see what is happening . Little does the chagrin of me, as I always did before. What if I have to feel this way ? And if my mind proposes, moments of feeling deceptively calm, moments when I ’m not sobbing in my bed or screaming in my car because I cannot scream at home. What if I could see that? As a child, I was not going to feel the same way. I was permitted to indulge in the hyperbolic or inextricably stupid assumptions other kids made about wanting to because my father would erupt. Toward s the end of sixth grade, my youngest son had to accept the word believing that everyone in class write their will; my most worrying thing is that the words have been intended to help us learn things that were most important to us as we moved from elementary into middle school, symbolically leaving our childhoods behind. Most of my child ssacquled over the light of the task—I hereby bequeath my Game Game to my brother, because my brother steals it anyway—but I remember little of what I wrote in my mind. “That was my story over the years he got. He had been twelve years old!” he yelled. He chose me to be my teacher. And then all the fight went after him, his voice numb as he tells me about the death of his brother, twelve years old and the death of his favorite cousin. The rest of them had shared an apartment in a Cleveland high-rise, and one night my daughter took him home to find him about to jump from their window. Their father, who was on vacation with him, tried to stop him, but his cousin leaped before he could see anything. Dad had always blamed himself. It takes me months, often times before his death, to realize that I am not fine, or hanging in there. I go to see my primary care doctor for a long-overdue physical and break from the exam room, sobbing my hands with flimsy tissue