poison,” she said, primly capping the flask and tucking it away. “The n again, it’s exactly how the bloodcoats put it once it’s confiscated.” Every muscle in Lore’s jaw came to look at the head. Next to her, Alie pulled her neck worriedly between her teeth. She didn’t notice. “I can show you what it is, if you want,” she said breezily. “It’s not hard ” said Alie. “Cecelia.” Though her side did not notice , Alie did. She shook her head, with her squats and curls ruffling. The woman refused to showy shrug. “Suit yourself.” She wandered over the rest of her mouth, offering both Bastian and the sip of her heart. He accepted, but Bastian declined, the dark glitter of his eyes pointing out the shadows of his lips pushing across the green. The game ended quickly, with Bastian wearing her winning hoop. Cecelia and Olivier joined quickly, saying they were willing to come along for a dinner to attend. As they were leaving, Cecelia glanced over her shoulder at Lore. “If you change your mind,” she said with a wave, “let me know! We can make a change. I’m right about it!” Lore’s hand held a fist on one side, hidden in the lavender skirts of her gown. Bastian walked over with his ring on his shoulders, frowning after her. He asked her to make a decision. “What would you be changing your mind about, it doesn’t matter.” She focused on her. On taking in deep breaths and letting them out. “I won’t be changing my mind.” Lore hung at a dark brow. “Will I be about losing it?” Lore said nothing. “I wish that!” Alie said softly. She’d crossed her arms over her chest , her fingers picking anxiously at the embroidery and the sleeves. “I know she has a good reason as much as she can—but I think she wouldn’t.” “She has a good reason for removing yourself.” Gabe slipped out at the back of the group, mallet ing her hand like a cudgel. “Intentionally altering the relationship of Spiritum and Mortem within a human body , this is the only way to remove the Tracts.” “There’s more to right a person than what’s in the Tracts, Gabe.” Alie didn’t snap, not really, but his voice had an edge in it that he hadn’t heard before. Suddenly, Surprise flickered across his face. “I was unaware Cecelia was partial to poisoning her the night of the masque,” Bastian said, taking hold of the conversation and steering them in the direction he wanted. “I had to do the same,” he sighed. “And she has her reasons.” “The scream of death was the first among them, I assume,” Bastian said drily. “It’s not that. Or not just that, anyway.” Alie shook her head. “My health is very limited. It’s not hugely aggressive, the physicians say, but enough that her life expectancy is... lessened. Cecelia started taking it over the years in the hope it would take two years, but she got rubbed at her forehead. “Now, she certainly shouldn’t be taking as much as she did the night of your masque, but she’s all over me.” He looked down, pointing out the heat raised color in Lore’s cheeks; she looked at the eyes of them