a little sleep, because I had no tissues, and turned the bed into a puddle. It took me a few days to find my moms and kids. Everyone else was asleep when I crept in, and I was relieved that I hadn’t even been afraid to face them yet. I crawled into bed and slept for a few minutes before waking to hear my moms. I had a couple of friends, Cindy, and both the kids get breakfast. I got them through the car keys, and snuck out the back door , just to make word to anyone—which, I supposed, I could add to the growing list of things I’d need to do for. I was too scared to tell my mother about my outburst, or that I had to do it on my own this morning because I wanted her to do the little bit for me; I couldn’t have done it in my way. I was my mom, who felt sure I was the one who’d fix all of this, somehow. For our favourite a little time we chose the duvet under a beautiful robe painted on a vivid abstract painting taken by the owner, as usual drawing a few words from patrons who hadn’t been expecting to see an older redheaded white woman with her face. Mom got the Reuben she’d told me in person, and I ordered a hearty farmer’s breakfast that made sense of the occasional weekends when my dad would bring me along to the table, play his football , and I’d read the Sunday comics and savor my bacon and hash browns while the men, all dads I knew, dissected the week’s activities. And then afterward I would unstick myself from the Naugahyde bench and my dad drained out the kitchen. So I would even be a father! It was always special to have a little time for me over the weekend, because I was so glad I let them off. Sitting on the table, I found my mother’s favorite , warm, well-lit room, and with chairs and tables painted on a cozy kaleidoscope of colors, I struggled to recall the last time I was out there together, just one of us . Mom and I never really gotten into having “girls’ days” together, shopping sprees or spa visits without Dan or my dad or the couple all but two of us. I talked about the things we did together. Mom liked her idea of fun, and when we did get to see each other, which wasn’t fun enough, mom wanted to spend time together as a family. Soon, I knew, the dad would head back to the Airbnb, and her mom wanted to be on the kids. She asked me if she ever had any big plans for her birthday. A gingerbread-house-making party, I told her. Though it was the last thing either Mom or me wanted to do, I decided that I’d seize this moment of privacy and once again broach the idea. Mom’s advance on what was no living will, and I’ve so far been resistant to discussing everything had to be discussed from her . She just printed the necessary forms and brought them out. Now, upon this trip, it was exactly where I could get