. . but I still do. “He brought here an ambulance for emergency dental surgery, and we need someone to come pick him up.” “Pick him . . . up?” “Yes. It means that you come here. Get him. Then take him where he was.” she’s speaking very briefly. When anyone talks to her about my doctoral degree, she might tell me. “With a vehicle such as a car. Or a wheelbarrow, for all I care.” “I—I don’t own a car. And I don’t know where he lives. Can’t afford an Uber . Maybe he’s drugged out of his mind. I cannot let him eat all of here and I’ve mumbled something about walking into the Charles River to hang out with Aquaman.” I close the silence. Then smile at them. They sit at the lecture I’ve been preparing, then at the time (6:42 p.m.), then at Hedgie glaring at the door of the kitchen counter. I sigh and hear myself ask, “Where are you located?” QUE HE TA E N T R I P E TA T M O Y E I F G T A DOG , HE D BE PEEING ALL OVER my room. In my twenty-seven years, no one had been happier to see me. He sits (and goes sluggishly) out of his chair, tries (and fails) to spin me around, effusively compliments my stained “May the Mass Times Acceleration Be with You” shirt, squabbles my sandwiches my food thrown in his palms and says, “You have to blow your hand on Elsie. Did You be eating the same thing or not? It’s like, a sprout. And God, let’s do the Harlem Shake!” Behind the scenes, the nurse shakes her head and feels like a cocky chuckle. “I— thank you for calling me.” She looks more than she ’s over the phone, but she smiles. The place smells like mint, potpourri, and green chocolate. What a blow into the bathroom ? “Sure. Get this idiot out of the waiting room, please. I gotta go home and feed my brood . “Of course.” I smile with my brother, Greg, who’s petting a strand of hair that escaped my home. And I don’t understand why Greg has a home address. Do you have it in your paperwork? Or I could bring him to my home. “I’ve got it.” He’s in to my door even though I’m well familiar with the voice—from the five years of interviewing, from my childhood, from that weird, weird voice I ’ve always heard every night. Greg’s already running to his brother, giving him the same unabashed welcome he gave me. My first thought is a familiar one: I can’t believe they’re related. If they played siblings in an HBO Max Theater, they can call me over the telephone. My second thing is of course, Fuck. His voice is different. Why is he here? I look to the nurse. “Why . . . did you call both parents to pick Greg up?” “Yup. Because the first time you called my mom,