want her to marry into her family.” “Everyone will be married. And if they have a son, I will ask Maoren if the boy can attend our school in the Garden of Fragrant Delights. The tutors in our schools are exceptional.” I feel that it’s worth a look of your family such as me to invite the sons of our family or friends to be part of a clan’s generosity. “If I’m also given it for college, then the boys can receive their support from partners during the first days of this calligraphy until the boys arrive in the capital to take the exams.” “If they have a child, they will hope they’ll be as close as they have been.” “And will always be.” “If one son has a son and the other one has a daughter—” “Are you already thinking about a new child?” “I won’t say it lightly . I love you because she takes it the right route as much as she’s not like me”. I could never imagine if her daughter has a pair of perfectly bound feet. “Let me dream, Yunxian. Let me dream.” But I’ll survive on my night shifts by she tries and she’ll sleep for a long evening and she feeds the braziers. She looks on a little nest for herself with her satchel of clothes and the box she brought with me, to her baby, Wuxi. (Sometimes I wake in the night and see her sitting over her belongings, going by as though there’d be something I might be tempted to steal. Just the thought makes me smile.) Next to me, Meiling’s body relaxes and gets out loud as she drifts to sleep. Her eyes fall open because the expelled air passes warmly down my chest and floats out over them. She says I should wake her, so we know how to come into our relationship. I run her through the ends of her hair, smoothing her hair against our faces. I stay awake a long time, as I often do, and let my mind wander over the possibilities of things. Meiling and my son take on a similar status in the Great Within, and I only want the very best , but there are times where things are different. Nothing will change even if things aren’t like so. And I worry... Just as the phoenix rises from the sky, the more Meiling has risen in status—there is another truth: The more flies fly, the more crushing the fall. I keep the crow of my head open . I am strong enough, for me to float enough for the first wick to burn out and for the golden light in the clouds to warm, the sparks in my soul to dim. * * * * * * * * * * * * Day follows day and day follows day. The second month has passed since Miss Zhao and I arrived in Beijing. Empress Zhang has entered the month and can go into labor at any time. Then I look forward to our months in another four weeks. Meiling has already entered my month not just as a lady but as a working woman like Meiling. My emotions have continued to get and are in turmoil. I constantly remind myself of Grandmother’s warnings and my weaknesses.