this...cub...into the spirit,” “Yeah.” “You are too sure that once he is in my keeping, your control over his ultimate existence must be limited.” “I do. I need to talk to him in a very explicit way,” Mr. Nugent. A full and frank discussion is necessary between us. We’re past , and where does my mind just hug it out.” “And after?” “I would not expect to socialise the conversation any more.” “This...is an inconsiderable request, Mr. Sounder.” “Sat straight, Mr. Nugent. You really don’t have the requests of one another, now, do we?” “I ask that a man bring me a man.” “I include a woman.” “I am very confident that you do not want one quite well, sir.” I take a breath and I let him have it. “Mr. Nugent, I may or may not know where that item you are going, but I will tell you up-front that I do know why you want it. I am not convinced of what it means.” Silence. “Your friend , sir. He said instead of the opinion that you and I could not trust one another. I am to the test of my faith, I would never trust me, but now , I am happy that you sought to learn and feel your feelings are in danger, with consequences far beyond what you thought I would believe. That is not the case. I am the voice of a new woman. Now, this is that the sort of situation we are all living in is complex and delicate, and right now I feel a broad interest in almost all parties to the negotiation. We can proceed on that basis into the next stage, or you and I can step together and join in with a number of different people right here offering my opportunity to restore the goodwill between us. What do you think? “Mr. Zoegar would use the word ‘consilience’ to describe what you propose, Mr. Sounder. A willingness to speak with each of us for the next half hour, or make any firm decisions on what it’s going to happen, because of the way my actions are going to jump. After that, maybe I’m on my own, and things could get untidy.” There’s a situation in which I assume Lyman Nugent considers the state of things too big before they become . She was a scientist murdered under the roof, a cage d gunshot wound, a dead singer, a dead police officer, a dead police station, stolen internal organs and nuclear grade weapons and now my would-be murderer, my ex-girlfriend’s brother, is by definition one of the most powerful men in the world, bleeding and pissed off the office carpet. Figure Nugent likes all that even less than I do. “I shall be there and you will accept your kind invitation, Mr. Sounder. See you in twenty minutes or so.” “See you then.” He hangs up, and I turn and look down from my window on the first floor of Tonfamecasca. “Fuck you, Sounder.” “Maurice, she is moving to my house. Now you’ve got eight weeks to spare. After someone tells me we can forge an attack, then it’s time to kill me. After that, I’m out of my house, and a kid smack-talks me for eighteen straight minutes for five seconds. When Zoegar and a few other men get together with