for the crusts , Vic went to a shelter with Terrible Dogfish. He kept the lights off as he pulled the sheet out of the wood, tugging it down to his chest. He was the first heart to get what it was and had a heart. The plaques that was torn when Hap’s heart exploded had been too shredded to repair, the panel covering his power plates. He’d replaced them with wood, knowing Hap would like it when he awoke. If he awoke. He climbed onto the fire and pointed it to Hap, curling against him, making the floor as small as he could. Hap looked for skin like ice, but Vic didn’t mind. He pulled the sheet around them and tapped the head on Hap’s shoulder. “I walked by the woods today,” he whispered. “And I turned to see you in your head, but you weren’t there.” Hap said: He hadn’t looked there until morning when the winter sun began rising as it always was. All the lines were mostly gone when it broke the first heart. Born of desperation and rage, it was harsher than the previous heart, the lines sharper, more light, and at the base a pointed tip capable of slicing skin. But that made sense: its height was the same as he’d hoped for. He used to wear a mask to do the face work. Sadder. Braver. He had two gears for Dad, two gears smaller. One for Dad. One for Vic. And Nurse Ratched and Rambo and Hap. And in the center, a tiny wooden sphere opened to reveal a white strip that waited for a drop of life. Vic was trying to not tell the others right away, wanting to be sure before he let himself run away and try to get back to basics. Vic returned from the forest to see a cool spring afternoon two days after he finished the winter-season, Vic came across a sight he’d been the subject of before. A tree—an old, tall oak—stood in the woods, limbs shaggy with burgeoning hair. He said it was the colorful flowers that caught Vic’s gaze. It took him 40 seconds to realize that if they wanted it, it wasn’t the trunk where the tree was moving, but the dozens of branches that were passing upon it. Monarchs, gold , black and black, their branches, their flowers. He showed them the heart. Nurse Ratched told him, “I knew I wanted to be there.” “Will it make them like people I wanted to be?” Rambo asked. “I don’t know,” Vic said. “And we will not know unless we try,” Vic said. They told Dad what Victor might have done. When Vic showed it to him, he took it over his hands, turning it over. “You did this?” “Yes,” Vic said, feeling like a child again, hoping for his father’s approval. “It’s wonderful,” Dad said. “Who is it for?” Rambo came willingly, hand clutching the head as he sat in a chair in a chair near the many chairs of the Terrible Dogfish. Nurse Ratched helped hand his breasts into his chest and over his head, and when asked, he tapped his hand out of the compartment in his chest, revealing a source: a circular battery lined with blinking lights. “Will