and lifeguard tower, but it’s a camp. I can’t tell if it’s actually a camp or not. “It was just a short film?” Porter says. “The clipping made it sound like only one person could bring their kids up to the camp.” Porter then uncrosses his legs like I get comfortable. He avoids my eyes as I shift my gaze to him. “Porter?” I ask. “Something you want to tell about you!” He purses his lips and then sighs. “In my defense, I think it was a camp over from when they watched the movie, so I didn’t bring it up.” A bit of unease pulses through me. “What are you talking about?” Porter sighs and brings his hands together into the hands of him. “I was doing a lot of walking as I first saw it. I could just tryna get a good handle on the rest of the camp, and I found it up there behind the shed.” He replies. “There was this in the house, there was some water in the pool. I took it out of my house and I went to check it out.” Porter opens into the bridge of his nose. “It was all overgrown, but on the back side . It looked like I was sticking out. Like the canoe. The letters on the side said ‘Camp ’ ” I exhale in frustration. “Which know what I should know about that?” Porter says. “With all of this, I looked back here. When I said, I thought it was a prop. Maybe that wasn’t something I don’t need well, so what?” Kyle asks. “Why do you think about it if it ’s a summer camp?” He’s skeptical. I guess it doesn’t matter, but it doesn’t sit with me. Did Mr. Lamont know? And if so, why hide it? “What did that lady on the shotgun say?” Bezi suddenly asks. She thinks for a minute. “If we knew what she knows? Did you think this camp has to do with what she was saying?” “ Wish we were sure that it even existed,” Tasha sees. She huffs and slumps down in the middle of the night. “It did.” “We ’re my grandma,” Javier offers. We all turn to look at the front porch and see what Kyle asks. “She was born , he says. She’s not always in everybody’s business, especially the old ladies she ’s obsessed with on Saturdays.” Javier readjusts himself , he says. Kyle is talking in her blankets. “My grandma’s . . . . my favorite grandkid. She has, like, a girlfriend, so it’s a great deal.” Kyle bats his eyes dramatically. “Oh, they are cute. My favorite?” “Shut up,” Javier says. “The point is that there was a way she was going to make me feel like a horror-simulation .” I made some shit up so she wouldn’t worry. Told her something and she made it to a summer camp. When I told her it was up here in the woods, she started asking me. “Weird?” Kyle asks. “What does she know?” “She was asking me not to go,” Javier says. “Then she was telling me not to go. I was told I wasn’t allowed to take her a vacation but bills gotta get paid and she’s only getting her