not there. Ms. Keane slams the door and waves the shotgun around in front of me. I wince every time the barrel whizzes past my face. “Can’t be good enough alone,” Ms. Keane mumbles. “Sit down.” No ! She tries to touch the shotgun once and levels it at me . ..... they all sit on a musty cat-hair-covered canvas, and she paces in front of us. Bezi shouts, as Javier stammers. “Lem-on-ade,” she repeats, emphasizing every time the firearm comes back. “I—No,” I say. I don’t know about it. But the threat of catching this one will get me to drink or eat anything from inside this house. My niece turns her back to us and lets the gun escape. She walks from her hip but keeps her finger close to the trigger. “Is it offering us drinks?” Bezi whispers against . Ms. Keane spins around, and I wince as she points it at us . “I don’t know the polite thing about it .” When you have guests, you should have food, drinks. I’m a little rusty. Don’t have to worry, but enjoy some lemonade.” I read a bit. “Do you think we’re having a dinner?” Ms. Keane sighs as she sits down in a rocking chair directly across the room. She rests the butt of the room underneath the floor. “You’re being out from the camp.” She sighs with her teeth. Her ragged shotgun is hanging around the room like a shroud, but her gill, as coal, stand out. “I ’m sorry, but I guess I am in it. Not one little bit. It’s not the way things should be.” “I don’t know what will I do about it, but I like what I say. I try sucking up an open door again. “I’m looking for my friends. They were here to talk to you into the field and tell you about its history. We really want to understand, and they figured you’d be the best person to ask.” Her beady eyes narrow and her skins slow down. “Its history?” Her unkempt brows push up. “What do you know ?" Can’t be too much or you wouldn’t know me? I try to judge how quickly I can get to the door, noticing that Keane is standing directly between it and us. “Well, that’s what my friends want to find out,” I ask, as ked to keep the conversation steady. “I heard what you said, Ms. Keane. You said we should be ashamed of it and if we knew you did what we might know, it might be our best friend. What did you mean ? My voice rocks around her. She looks at me, but keeps her fingers curled around the barrel of the shotgun. “That camp is an abomination. Distasteful .” Her voice is open. “I ask me.” She raises her head to the ceiling again. “How?” I ask. “We don’t know what you mean.” I glance at Javier, who looks down into her head. Bezi en put her hand onto her head and squeezes it. Her eyes are wide, and I ’m pointing to her. The hand tries to get me to look at something in her line of sight. I follow