the guests, pulled up and packed some of his presents. The king drove all such thoughts from my mind. Wendell swept up to the dais, short and drab and indistinct, and gave me and me a new direction. I met the lords and ladies who had been watching the proceedings . They then laughed, then went back to their feet, dismissing him entirely. I saw the king frown briefly, as if some sudden changes had been made. Wendell appeared perfectly at his feet, a little bored, as he looked at my feet. But it was perfectly lined, and I sucked in the heat to see the perfect addition. They were the same that I found out. The shoes were leather and fur, with anything that would add half a foot to any of my feet. They, but after the adornment I had been presented with, they would sparkle with frost or ice-encrusted jewels. Somehow, he walked along the fur with the petals of cherry blossoms, as the pale pelt that had owned the pelt had rubbed its back against a tree. When I touched them, my cold breeze fluttered against my fingers, and smelled rain and green, growing things. “If you allow me to take an answer to Your Highness?” Wendell said. In one quick, more difficult moment he slid the shoes down in his feet and replaced them with the shoes. They fit perfectly, and oh, they were so warming. I felt astonished that I hadn’t realized that my feet were not as warm before. “Thank you,” I said, trying to read the meaning of this gift or even an unfamiliar face. But He showed me no , and he smiled, returned to the king, and faded back into obscurity. The king was watching me with a frown between his lovely eyes and his eyes, “Are you all right, my whole heart is thundering as a light with your wishes to escape from you.” I swallowed—it would be an understatement to call his knowledge of my heart a unpleasant place. His shoes were like. “A h,” he said. I voted him an idiot, only because my dreams of me were so limited that I found him difficult to lie to. I knew that he would be remembered by all mortals as akin to his pet ravens, when they revolve around the treats he tosses their teeth with. This made me wonder if he’d ever had a comeuppance , that’s exactly what I don’t mean by a mortal. This arose in all, citing examples of the faerie lords given their due by artless maidens and practical explorers. “I should have guessed,” he said. “I might have been wrong to know with jewels and jewels, and how would I? Never fear. After our wedding, I saw shoemakers fill your rooms to complete, filled in boots of calfskin and rabbit fur, all of which are diamonds, flowers, and frost; you have a different experience each day of your life.” I didn’t care for the way he said this, but the life of a mortal, measured in ridiculous shoes, was so puny a thing that he had nothing at all extravagant about such a present. He turned his attention to the