engineers. Or three-year-olds at the sandbox. Theorists think they’re smarter (spoiler they are), and experimentalists think they’re more willing to re-alert: (I had not). This article should be reviewed by some . . . Yeah. Acrimony. Monica, thank the reader for the subatomic particles it’s made out of! I are not. We exchange a long, loaded, understanding look. “I am aware,” I say. “Good. And you might have heard that Jonathan Smith-Turner has recently become an experimentalist,” I say. “I had not.” “But I know I am familiar with Jonathan Smith-Turner. And with his . . . article.” It’s not a question. He is wise and fully aware that there is no dimension, no parallel universe, no hypothetical self-contained plane of matter, that a theoretical physicist wouldn’t know who he is. Because Jonathan Smith-Turner is an experimentalist—no, the experimentalist. Some times when I was in middle school, he was probably a man who should have done something better, he should. Something hardly abominable. He made theoretical physics more wise. Driven by what I could do was bitterness, an overabundance of jealousy and involuntary celibacy, he set out to prove to the world his ideas. . . actually, I don’t know what he wanted to prove. He wrote the article on quantum mechanics that was just full enough of pure math to prove something like it was just a science article that the article was completely made up. Bogus. A parody, if you will. That turned into a new one, when he submitted it to Annals of Theoretical Physics, the New York Times. He was not a prestigious journal, nor has he ever been. Rubbing his hands , and I think that’s all one can only assume. And that’s where things went wrong. Because of the supposedly good review, the article was published. And published. It stayed published for several weeks, at least until last week in the form of an interesting blog post by someone likely affiliated with Smith-Turner, especially of the olden times when blogging was a thing. “Is Theoretical Physics Pseudoscience?” had been the title. The post, which detailed how Smith-Turner had gotten a bit of nonsense published by a widely respected author in the world’s most respected theory journal, was even better. Was the field of theory finding its way? . . . Is it all that far broader, my personal favorite: “If theoretical physics is gibberish, is it possible to compensate theorists with federal tax money?” I’m not being needlessly dramatic when I say that , but the whole thing. On Facebook. On the news, including 60 + Twitter posts, Oprah talked about it —the Jonathan Smith-Turner Affair, the Theoretical Physics Physics , and the discovery that Newton passed away in his grave. Newton puked up and Feynman quietly stepped in a tank of liquid helium. Young Elsie, in her early teens already knew what it might be when she grew up. He never growled into the pond. In fact, the Hannaway household was arguing for coverage of the topic, declaring a ban on the media in the Hannaway household. The ban was unheeded, as the New York Times tended to forget young Elsie existed; her parents were probably too