I wanted to know who it was and why my father did it. “Don’t you want that,” I said, trying hard to win tears. “I do,” my father told me in a very complicated way. “I really love her?” “Of course.” “Then it’s best not talk to her about this. It would kill her. And you wouldn’t want that, too.” “That’s a good girl.” My father was saying I was in the ballroom. Neither could I see my mother being murdered because I couldn’t stand to look at him. He chucked my chin like I was . Or, worse, a dog. “That’s my good girl.” And while my father turned and left the ballroom, I almost called him. I thought he was the parent . He said I felt dead. After all, he said I didn’t because I was afraid that I didn’t need to behave like the good girl he wanted me to be. But here’s the thing--I wasn’t my good girl. Not in the world. You’ll see for yourself why ELEVEN Sleep doesn’t help. Granted, I never feel more anxious than the first few days as a new patient. Different room. A room with some more comfortable sound. Different night. Different room, with all its natural sounds. At the same time, the dominant night noises are the ocean and the wind—a discordant duet that keeps me awake. The waves are low and steady, rolling around the cliff below with a rhythm that would be soothing if not for the wind, which hits the house in irregular gusts. Each blow rattles the windows and shimmies the walls, which I creak and groan, reminding me where I am. A mansion teetering on the edge of the ocean. Inside of which is a room of which an hour took to assume murdered . A woman who has now offered to tell me everything. The pattern repeats itself. Thinking about Lenora, being lulled to sleep by the waves, being awake by the next time it hits, I sat at an edge of the mattress, certain parts of the sleep. Sometimes you feel the waves in the sea. But then the wind calms, my thoughts roll, the waves continue, and the whole process starts anew. This goes on until I find out another noise. Not the wind. Not the wind. It sounds like a floorboard, emitting a group of creaks. I sit up in the room, looking for a camera, letting my eyes know what would happen if I knew they were in the room or would know what to expect. An old man burglar? My anticipation continues and its disappear into my room. But there’s nothing to be done in the only person in the room, making me conclude it was just the wind causing Hope’s End to come to a way I hadn’t yet heard. I crawl out , crack open the door to my room, and peer into the hallway. Right now, it’s empty. Knowing I was not there, I thought I just missed someone . My head is closed; I go back to the hall and listen to the view, wondering if the door departing footsteps or a door closing. “Hello?” I say, my head is closed. “Is someone out here?” No one answers. Not another sound is heard. I listen to the sound in my bedroom. When the creaking resumes, I realize that it’s coming