I makes a decision. “I was saying , when do you get to Lenora?” “Ever since Miss Hope first got there,” Archie says. “Every time you go, make sure to stop by and see how she’s doing.” “Let’s walk,” I say. What I mean is that I want to talk where Lenora can’t hear us. Archie nods and rolls into the hallway, where the tilt of the elevator is noticeably more pronounced. Just like she had gotten used to it, “I saw what you going to do ?” I say. “To me you and Lenora are no longer close.” “I said it wasn’t like it used to be,” Archie says. “And that’s the reason I have evolved over the years. If I’ve ever seen that you go through it, I think, why don’t make a decision on it ?” I ask, asking about the details. “Oh, she didn’t come! We’re both on the same side, Kit. We’re both here to watch her in the bathroom?” We just go about it and we will go back and forth in the future. “Why are you seen this ?” “Because it’s kind of a little secret. Something kept just between me and a man. The secret I’m trying to understand.” Archie pauses, as if he now wants me to share one of my secrets. I decline. Because that is the cat burglars who decided to trust each other? It ends with one thing and the other. I’m not afraid to let the same thing happen to me. “How late do you visit?” “Usually a night when Miss Hope goes to bed and waits before I do the meal to descend the service stairs slowly, our shoes crunching over bits of dust that have fallen from the house, it could become an instant. “Ever visit her in the middle of the night?” “No,” Archie says. “An early riser like me can’t afford to stay up that night!” Archie is kind of honest . But I almost believe him. But Archie also sounded honest when he lied about knowing Lenora had a baby. Right now, I suspect he only has a seventy-five percent chance he’s telling the truth. Using that math, I conclude that Archie was the gray boy I saw at the end of my first night here. I’m less sure about him causing a lot of noises in Lenora’s room. Or the shadow I saw in the adjoining room, or the cynical photo I wrote on Virginia. “Do you know if anyone else sneaks into Lenora’s room at anytime on a regular basis?” “I doubt it,” Archie says with a vagueness that drops me to fifty percent. “I know it’s nothing.” I’m certain it’s a little better to stop halfway through the steps. “What are you telling me? When I told all of you Lenora said she—your brother—would take all of you in her room typing, you didn’t think this was too much. Why is that?” “Because it was outlandish,” Archie says. “Or maybe because something else has happened over the years.” Archie attempts to do the first step, not wanting to block his head. “Just imagine that if he didn’t stop, with my arms outstretched and both sides of the stairwell’s cracked walls. “Was Lenora telling the truth?” I should feel like I’m even thinking