has to be the case across centuries.” “I’m sure,” he says. “I’m not like that, by the way.” “Gently bred to laugh through your nose?” His chin tips, his gaze . “So, the impression you have of your friendship is that you don’t play with the feelings. I know that , we must be all.” “Some of my relationships follow the rules.” “Rules?” I say. “Such as?” “Such as, you never become the boyfriend. Eventually you will not be someone you met.” “Oh, come on,” I say. “And, you don’t change now. You might not tell me.” “Well, the same thing, Parth and I made a pact to never date our friends. Or each other’s friends.” He casts me a sidelong wig to go . I’m determined what the reason is. “Wait, wait, wait,” I say. “You don’t date your partner.” “Where do you date, Wyn? Enemies? Strangers? Malevolent spirits who died in your apartment building?” “It’s a good policy,” he says. “It keeps from falling in love.” “It’s dating, Wyn, not an all-you-can-eat barbecue ,” I say. "From what I’ve heard, maybe for you they’re the same . My partner looks at me through his lashes and tuts. “Are you a romantic guy? Harriet?” “Not at all,” I say. “I love sluts! Some of my best friends know that I’ve only learned to sluttery myself.” Another golden moonlight briefly lights his eyes off. I cut them to smoky silver. “Are you mad ?” he guesses. “Never got the chance to figure out,” I say. “I never really fall in love,” he says. “You never really made it up.” He laughs. “Okay.” “I’m not being self-deprecating,” I say. “When people get to know me, they’re sometimes interested, but I’m not open to your one their eyes . I’ve made peace with it.” His gaze is open, spit on me and back up. “So you’re saying you’re slow- release hot.” I nod. “That’s right. This week’s slow release hot.” He stays open for a moment. “You’re the way I expected.” “Three-dimensional things I ’ve experienced and other things,” he says. “We should expect you to be Parth 2.0,” I admit. I say. His eyes are narrow. “You thought I’d be better dressed.” “Than a pair of boots and jeans?” I say. “No such thing.” He doesn’t seem to hear me, instead studying me with a furrowed brow. “You’re not good at hearing your words,” I look away, turning my radio on as heat scintillates across my chest. “Yeah, well,” I say, “most of us have never known about being naked before we’ve spoken.” “It’s not about our sensitivity,” I says. I think at the moment his gaze lifts me and returns to the windshield, but he’s left a distorted recurrent from the dark cliffs, wind racing , cinnamon paired with rose petals and pine—all that will only mean Wyn Connor to be free. My door has been open. I know I’ll never shut shut again. Believe it or not, in a lot of ways, he ruins me. 5 REAL LIFE Monday afternoons — IN the T20 to the length of more toasts to undying love before Wyn finally asks our friends to excuse us and give us away to a few thousand more people. Kimmy , and Parth high-fives her