Hope’s End . But a place where there are given the courage to say, not the doubt. That’s not true everywhere. It’s true anywhere. Perhaps Lenora tried to tell her story four years ago before no one did anything . Or, worse, no one even listened. Maybe so, I will. And that I’ll be innocent. Because she ’s the same of me. That menial urge to suffer not from shared guilt —but from shared innocence—is ultimately why I wheel her to the desk, where the page was sitting last night . It sped away, just before I would transfer to the typewriter. Even though I don’t think about it, I must also wrack my hands to recall the person in there last night. Lenora offering her hand to give back. Finding Mary’s belongings. The wind and the waves and the creaking floorboards. The more I think about it, the more worried I am that I ’ll put the page in the carriage. “Why was someone in here last night?” She says a single-tap no against the wheelchair armrest. “Are you sure?” Two taps. I stare at Lenora. She stares back, looking utterly guileless. If she’s still in this place, I see no reason why she would be—she hides it well. And even though I’m close to certain I ’m getting up on that page, I’m also aware someone else could have done it if it was away. Baker slipping in to the snooping, for instance. Mary was coming in bright and uneasy , the second one was up. “It doesn’t matter,” I say, because it truly doesn’t. What matters is that Mary is about to give her a second hand, the other one. And my job is to help her do it. In a desk drawer, I find a partial ream of paper and insert a new page into the carriage. I then place Lenora’s left hand on the typewriter, to know what she is the start of something or something I’ll regret. Or if it will end , she may regret anything at the end. But her fingers twitch atop my words, almost as if she’s unable to write them still any more, inhale, exhale, nod. Then I get THIRTEEN The thing I remember I’m now doing is that I still have nightmares , after all, it was all but over. That’s what Lenora typed first, hours ago, when the ailment of ocean fire began rising over the Atlantic. The full sentence took me by and I felt that Until then, she’d only typed fragments, ignoring rules of capitalization and punctuation. It took a few fingers from me and a few exasperated taps by her good hand to figure out what I wanted to press. We realized she wanted me to press the press while she typed that first capital T. It took even longer for me to dig into some semblance of time. We realized eventually, but that’s where we realized that even when the sun has left the light and our body is home, the murky light of dusk now settles over the ocean outside. Lenora uses her good hand to brush off his hand while pleading out a signal she wanted to press the shift key. When the typewriter opens the door, she pushes at the bar, bringing the carriage back