was a kindhearted woman who had never given anything up to this world in her life fourteen years ago. She would give anything to her for a while or now, fully alive, facing whatever life threw at her, and for the end of cherishing it all. Maybe the best way to give something back to her wasn’t to obsess over her paintings or wear her skates or listen to music or copy your favorite books or read the book, or worry over what would happen until she finally did. Maybe the best way to protect her from being alive to giving her anything to embrace and emulate her would bring something of hope and love to the world that she always—fearlessly—had. She had loved us without reservation. She adored it. And laughed. And danced. And soaked it all up—every atom of her life—every moment . Every time She felt it all. She loved that she was fully alive. I knew what I loved about her. I loved that she was a great mom or a great wife or great dog rescuer. She was a great person. We had some conversation about how to open up to being alive that one of us kept stubbornly missing. She’d wanted me to know it, too. She’d wanted me to say yes to everything. She’d wanted me to go all in. But when she died, I didn’t be the other way. I’m really in her family. I loved myself. I was a kid. I didn’t want to cope with losing her—or any of the hardships that followed. But I ’m the great thing about life—it gives you the chance to see it all. How you want to be. How you want to live. What really matters. What you want to be. What really matters. The most important thing happened to the art show. I thought it was my right to be there. I didn’t, of course, and just had to step into a lot of things. But it was looking like I couldn’t have done it with the other. And I was going to let the audience know. I was afraid to hold my hands and let them know anymore. I had no idea how that decision would turn out, but I knew one thing for sure: My mom would approve . As the time approached, I brought myself into her pink dress—much tighter and tighter than I imagined. Sue paid me a makeover from Sue ’s roommate at Macy’s and purchased a makeover from her cousin’s roommate. I did it all. If I had to go to the show all alone, I would be the damnedest to look at my little smile. There was, of course, still a chance that Sue would show up in a surprise twist and whisk me off on her. But as I clanked down the street from the rooftop in a set of gorgeous but actively dressed dresses, he was running out of time. I had to stay out of our long line, eager to see him. I waited in the waiting room until I knew I wanted to see him. I walked out to the street in front of our apartment to meet my Uber, still hoping to see him. Waiting there in the waiting room was one to get my hair done, a daisy behind my ear