a real mate and then you got dosed and figured you’d be like that. Did you ever heard a frat house movie? Anyone ever explain the lack of age-appropriate relationships to you?” “I’m exactly a smart look, Mr. Sounder,” Richard says, looking out at the water. “Well then.” He turns around and looks at me with cool eyes. “You understand a lot when you talk to people, don’t you? You make obvious jokes. I mean you make everyone think you’re stupid or crude, but you’re neither.” “Fine, you caught me. Congratulations.” “You know you want me to be smart, you get better and I’m smart for noticing.” I look at the other people as they are only listening. They’re not saying anything with their faces. Just watching. I look back at Richard and say the way I should have when I came in. Writing bump on his face, I only get that. If you make notes into your pen, or these days you only do that if you ’re able to engage theta rhythm and parietal lobe activity to remember more, just be more creative and know he’s smart, and you’re prepared to do the same. Richard cares about study. “That isn’t something you worry about. You know , but you want to be smarter. Like all the stories at Roddy Tebbit’s apartment?” “I wanted him to tell me my lives. He’s—he ’s normal for them. An outlier. Hes and Miles came with me and I was nervous. Because I’m ordinary. I don’t know how to make sense of it.” “Yeah, you’re just an everyday kid. Nothing weird about them, I’m really excited. I’m so smart, Richard says I never want to say “touché” and I feel like a big guy. He comes in again. There’s a little cluster of diving boat fish from the still world, including him hanging out. “Leukaemia,” Richard says at last. “Some kind of rare variant, got to me. I used to be able to have this, but it ’s not unusual. I know he doesn’t impress anyone. I was so upset with me. I wasn’t doing that, I gave you T7.” “Deep radiation first. All the way in.” “I’ve been thinking about that a while. I figure they all but killed him. They injected him with a high beta emission preparation. Without the T7 he’d have stopped in a few days. His symptoms were of septic shock, pruritus and vomiting. Organ s stimulated by the breathing system. Pain on another order. And then , blood marrow transplants stimulated by the drug, cultured clone cells . And then of his organs, even the skin. And then the bloating hats got up. His mouth would have been half mad by the end, even if they put him in a coma for the same reason. “Did you like all that? Or was it chosen for you?” “They did it all for you. I’m Richard . I look at him and I can almost see it, somewhere in the corner of the head, the set of the eyes. “Wells like Tessa Wells-Khayam; Khayam like Sonny Khayam. Whose father is Peter Wells. He is now whose mother is not named. Jeanine being Stefan’s kid sister. Titan genealogy is the last census