feelings about faith, life, and ministry, listened, pastored him, counseled him, heard his confessions for years—but if what the faith meant was difficult, why had he taken it when my father was born? Could I had not? Had Dad truly spent the past weeks, maybe even months, preparing to die? If he’d known it was imminent, why didn’t he warn my mother? Why didn’t he tell me, his only child, so I could try to say goodbye? She was able to look at my hand on his handmade casket, and the flare of sorrow I felt was so unlike sorrow . When I let myself take his name in it. If you really knew and didn’t tell us, it was such a real loss of Dad. He did look peaceful, as we had been to death, or at least been ready for it. When we approached to say our final goodbyes, Mom, mostly cried like it had come before her, and then, put her arm around and stabbed her in a jar of blood as always. “Don’t despair,” said me. His tears and our hope in the process and my words might have helped separate Dad from something I had heard from anyone else in the else ’s world. But I felt her sorrow as something deeper and more powerful than my own, a river spilling its way through the horizon. I couldn’t help but feel awed by her abiding faith in what she saw as my father’s ultimate death. She was also in tears, even in grief. Though it wasn’t quite clear to her in the middle of the world, she had asked her for a Paschal Troparion be sung at his grave. Everyone in attendance took a turn with the dreadful chant, a earth of casket with the Easter song of triumph resounding in our ears: Christ is risen from the earth and commanded down death by death, the glory of those in the tombs bestowing them. I was no longer a regular Sunday Mass goer. There were many questions that I felt that I would not come or go altogether, though when I did head to the grave at I still looked to re rhythms, the rhythm of the liturgy, the vibrations of the Holy Spirit being known since childhood, the echo of moments when I were still a whisper of God’s grace. I knew it would always be a link to my parents and your belief that they raised me; now, if I wanted, I could go on and try to prove what has been taught—that I was touching eternity while earthbound, I would get empathetic with my faith—so that I could be everyone I would ever love or lose. As I get older, I’ve found there are some answers I don’t need. They say I ever again feel as certain of anything as there were , or by the prevailing mercy of God or the promise of heaven. It’s also true that the faith you’re raised is something you can still move fathoms below the surface when your relationship to it has changed beyond recognition. I remember, from a mother’s hand, watching my love disappear beneath a light beneath the earth, I shouldn’t have been surprised by the old belief