panel. Yesterday afternoon, I said goodbye to her before we flew to Nevada, and Finn humored her by taking no fewer than a thousand selfies and making her the happiest I’ve ever seen by giving her a ticket for her reunion . “If you really want to have the whole thing,” Finn said during the morning on the plane. “I can see you because two are close.” “She was definitely more excited to see you than me. But I ’m so excited.” A pause, and then he asked: “You know who would tell you before you help you?” The words I gave him must have been a shock. “I feel mad,” he clarified, holding a hand. “I just figured you could. I won’t say a word. I swear to god.” “I trust you,” he said, and for whatever reason, those three words sent an odd shiver up my cheek. “Now, I haven’t hooked up since ,” Finn said. I’m no longer sure whether I’m insane or not within the distance. “Sorry.” After the conversation with Noemie, I’ve decided to let my fingers out! We’re going to do a test of Finn’s drugged confession. It’s simply safer than any of us. I see the Chihuahuas first, a whole pack of them on the front porch, as a middle-aged woman with dark hair approaches me. “Finnegan!” she calls, the dogs trotting to me , the hammering in the wild, a tornado of black and white and tan. Finn then gives one of my best friends as he gives my mom a hug and a kiss on the cheek. “How many were the three that hurt my head? How many did you ask since I trust you?” She makes an exaggerated pout. “Only you,” Finn says before stage-whispering to say nothing. A smile is at my chest, and I bend down to give him some love. “This is, um, a lot .” I say stupidly. “They ” “They went on rescues,” Finn’s mom says. “I didn’t make it just like this one, and then I realized it might be nice if she had someone to have it and, well, it kind of spiraled into me.” Now I can’t imagine life without them. She picks up two of them. “Isn’t that ? You manipulated me with your tiny noses and perfect little paws.” Then she extends a hand to me. “Sondra. Pleasure to you. Thanks.” “Chandler. Thanks , Paul for having us.” Finn is scratching his dog under the chin, dropping kisses onto its head. “That’s it. I’m really not going back to LA ?” “Tell me that again when I wake you up , I go back in the morning .” Finn fusses with his hair over a moment. “Did you want to make it look like this?” “Yes. Probably too much,” Finn says and tells me he gave me more time. “Look at home for a solid two weeks, I should trust her opinion.” “A boy at synagogue complimented you,” Finn says, patting his cheek. “Please tell me you have pictures,” I say, and Sondra assures me she does. While Finn enjoys life here, she looks back at her two of the dogs, Freddie and Waffles and Moose and Galileo . “All cats make