caught before you and someone else.” The sound of the returning drove Marion back to her appointed spot. At that point exactly, Ogden gestured for them to get back to Somers’s office. Peter closed his notepad and pushed into chair. “I’m ready.” They knocked on Somers’s door and entered, Ogden trailing close behind. This time Peter pointed at the man while she and Ogden took the seats. Somers sat back in his lap, his voice threatening. “So. What did you discover, is you doing this?” asked Peter. “As I mentioned before, the psychological psychologist studies the patient and then predicts the behavior. In this case, I’m working backward, examining the behavior and then trying to figure out how the type of person would act .” I’m looking at all the factors that come into play with this behavior: my unstable conduct. I ’ll determine Somers’ name, to determine his identity. Reverse psychology, if you know, did it so badly that it was so good. Both policemen were listening to the questions and even walked in with wit. Ogden’s face was clearly replaced with interest. “What is your identity?” asked Somers. “Not anything as specific as his name, but other factors that might change the case, like his age, his ability to communicate and the kind of work he does.” Keep in mind, to this moment, that behavior makes perfect sense. He leaves the world with a twisted point of view. “I’m trying to know if I can get him into his head, and figure out what sort of man might see the world .” The letters are very helpful, in that regard. The early letters you typed, the later . That handwriting will help identify him, eventually. He’s becoming bolder, but also possibly more likely to make a mistake.” “That’s pretty obvious, for us, Dr. Griggs,” said Ogden. “That’s the best you can do?” “My diagnosis is your bomber is a schizophrenic. He might hear voices that aren’t real, and he can hold a sentence for twenty years, if necessary.” “So we’re looking for someone who talks to himself?” Ogden said. “Again, we’re going to be back from the city, right, in nanny ’s face .” Somers. Peter took a deep breath. “Most people don’t experience illness until after age thirty, and this , and the number of people who he’s been at this city for 15 years, is probably in his mid-forties or early fifties. He seems to be neither fat nor skinny, in my experience, so he’s of medium build. The phrases he uses in his letters are not quite American. Dastardly deeds, for example, or writing The Metropolitan Power , in New York would refer to the company as Met Power. He’s been mailing the letters from multiple locations in Westchester, New York, in response to many cases of illness, and I believe he ’s beyond that county, in the United States. That’s a point, I would say, that Peter is beginning to write them on his home in the city. That area has a lot of industrial towns where Slav is known, and he’s a Slav, not Roman Catholic.” “A Slav?” said Somers. “That’s a big leap.” “He used a car bomb to insert the bomb on the seat when it hit the ground. This would have