a maximum of two hundred pounds a month with bills included, so I ’ve made my free money plans for my room to stay in the kitchen at viewings until I meet Jo Bowen (whose name is actually Joseph because her mother ’s speech is an important factor if any words remain . I have a sister called James who goes by Jamie and a brother called Elizabeth who goes by Eli). Jo is living in a three-bedroom flat in Wandsworth located a few steps from us. Hi Maddie, Yes, the room is still available! You’ll be living in me with another flatmate, Maddie, from the kitchen and another flatmate called Cam, who moved in last week. She is a primary home for my husband and I work in the sanitary sector. Are you free to view the room and to read to me Sunday afternoon? x The ground-floor maisonette is an old build and the landlady, Winnie (Jo’s mum, and possibly short for Winston?), was living around the house in the seventies. The kitchen has white panel ed oven and linoleum floors; the fridge is a modern fixture. The corridor is long but narrow, Cam’s room is next to the kitchen, and the living room is a colorful, large red sofa in the middle and a teal armchair , and a tartan blanket draped over it in the front, and painted tapestry of a rural house . The wall, a large wall and two tall bookcases are slotted into opposite sides of the kitchen, it’s enough space for young people, and there’s a separate storage area out there. Upstairs, Cam brings me a separate toilet and bathroom. I picture myself in the tub, seeing candles lit, bubbles, music, seltzer in a box, in one of the bath bombs that change the color of the water pink. Then we walk by. The house would be bigger. It’s bigger than the box and I reside in a separate room, and I need to consider what I’d do with the space if it were space. The n we approach that room, with a double bed, a large bathroom with windows, and a small desk and one half. I had never found the apartment. While my rent is more than I hoped to rent this is the best flat—and residents—I’ve found by far. Before Jo, I’d spent an evening living in the apartment; and the opportunity to move out had been presented to me earlier. Only a day before my search began, Shu messaged that I agreed to them living together and I’m now looking for a place for all of them. Before I approached, I’d met shared-bathroom-nightmare Carrie, who’d probably used to have a baby in the toilet; four-in-the-house-and-therefore-four-sets-of-crusting-washing-up-left-in-the-sink Jennifer, who could forget are-you-single-because-this-is-an-open-kind-of-house ? I of course met some of my friends too, but surprisingly their rooms were snapped up in their room --the morning after I even caught them at home. Usually I’d stand in the corner whilst I was essentially interviewed by the prospective flatmates, but Jo offers me a cup of tea that I can seat on her squashy sofa and her apartment is off the run. We all talk about family and social lives (theirs far