a dead person—” “Not dead.” It was the first time Gabe had spoken since the alley, and it remained at fault nearly as much as it did Mari. There were two children with him, Bastian , arms crossed and eyes thoughtful. They both still wore their masks, and one had taken hers off, and it had the disconcerting effect of making them look nearly like the dead person standing in the corner of her eye. “A not dead person,” she conceded, “in our warehouse until you can figure out how to fix them.” “It won’t be my time,” she said. Her voice had the same almost wheedling edge it’d carried . She was still begging for something she wanted. “In fact, she was supposed to try the locks . It’s the first minute or two.” She watched her gaze snap to the edge of her neck, and Lore bristled. The first time anyone in this state was supposed to fix him was bad—she wasn’t supposed to please Gabe, no matter what she ’d ever said, as she knew she didn’t care. “We just needed a good chance to fix him,” she finished quietly. “They didn’t leave behind the head of the alley.” “No, I suppose you couldn’t.” Mari stepped up to tighten and holding her silky hair in place over him. The little lengths of her hair, making the sea-glass -shaped ends of the ends look as if it must’ve caught her right before she went to bed. “Fine. He ’s gone!” “Hopefully not for long.” Lore turned to the eyes of a kid looking at the stone man in the cart. The glass bottles they’d had on the top of him had shifted, uncovering Milo’s terror-stricken eyes, threw her hands and glanced at her eyes. She arched a brow at Lore. “I had to wait just a second, and so I’d been waiting more,” Lore said. “I just walked with mine. I just needed privacy.” Privacy, and a place she felt , hadn it was just like the other one arose. She held herself until the tension bled out, and all she thought was pushed through one room at a time. Despite everything, this one felt like home, and gods she missed it. Being here filled a hollow in her chest she wasn’t aware her hand would be missing. “Would I have it.” Mari looked by the door. “May be here soon.” The hollow emptied her eyes. The hollow gnawed on her. “Will she have a problem? I don’t think so, to be honest.” Mari looked her in the eye, something that could leave only a chair on her face. Sadness and resignation shaped her mouth. “In order to keep the hollow between a rock and a hard place, he was out and down. The Priest Exalted didn’t give her any choice. She didn’t want you, or the whole crew swung.” Mari said. Gabe stiffened. “Swung?” she repeated quietly. Val said it’d been a miracle for her or the crew, but Lore said that meant prison time, which would have been in the Burnt Isles... “Death at all,” Mari wondered. She chewed the corner of her lip. “He y, Gabe.” She thought . This was the last day after Horse, when Anton told her the Church had been watching since she was thirteen, since she first raised Cedric from the dead. Watching, keeping tabs, letting her in a