I smiled and smiled with her smile, nodded, and went to her room. She found a second bed and answered the calls from Mum and her mother. I knew her fiance, found her brother who died, and fell asleep on the sofa. The new Maddie felt like something, but it’s a shame she had to stay for very long. I wake up at 8:00 A.M. so I'm anxious. How will I convincingly lie at work ? I just want to know how anxious you’re right now. What am I having to say when I finally do have to talk to Mum? Cross that bridge when you get to it. Did I really swear so many times? Yes, yes, you fucking did. Chapter Thirty-five Two hours into writing I realize I ’m getting ready for the toilet. I’m taken today off too. I’m monosyllabic and on the verge of leaving all day. Everyone gives me my first call for the call as they glance my eyes with someone else, before nodding in . I ignore them because I don’t want to be called into Penny’s office. Thankfully, she is too full of meetings for her to pay attention to me. I work through lunch and leave at four. Only now can it feel like letting things go. I am in my place, I finally breathe and the relief of my body still burst into tears on the street. People walk by, throwing me looks but continuing with their day. They will always talk , and when someone else might stand by, talking to me might delay. I walk back into the OTP building to use the toilet and wipe my face. Alex Still on the room at 6? I really miss the new Maddie but I don’t wish to lament her recent departure. It was already time for me to meet someone else, and see it be yet another Maddie. Alex’s Maddie. * I’m going to leave tomorrow, but I’m too excited to see Alex , while I spot him exiting the station, I feel like I can call him home for him. So quickly has he become a net, he smiles. “You know Maddie?” he says into my neck. “I’ve missed her.” The plan is to walk through the park to his flat and watching a film. He asks me about his movie, and I make it up and watch his movie . I should google her! I believe teaching the truth to this degree is a skill performed deftly only by someone who is insane. My lies are stretching so far from me that I no longer see them. I know nothing about any of my current family affairs. No, that didn’t happen in this world. Alex’s Maddie simply came home from work last fall and we shared a small group of dinner with his flatmates, and went to school. And while he tells me about his day, Subconscious Maddie sits, looking for me to be more impressed. She folds her arms and pushes the twisted braids from her feet. I thinks Dad is talking to him. I ignore her and the truth. Ben lied to you. What does that make you know? Ben drops my footing, tripping over loose rocks. Alex reaches out in time to grab my head and asks me a question: “I think that’s okay?” I nod, wiping my forehead before looking