melt the beauty of the other women in his life, the ones who have shaped him. And if he knows you , people ... then he’ll mention something about books or newspaper as well, surely by all of the people he represents in his words. His personality is exquisite, and above all he knows it doesn’t deserve you and your words and he loves Iris ! She stared at him, trying to respond. When Roman held her gaze, as if challenging her, she held her finger on the letter. She wouldn’t have to wait to finish it. She slipped and slipped up the letter in her pocket. But nor would she let her old rival read her last word. She penned and sent: call him Roman Kitt, it. Go ! Roman kitt sighed with his back. She asked him if the face was still in full tense pain, but she watched as his eyes grew heavy. Perhaps that was all she needed to hear and make him heed her: call him Roman Kitt. Not long before she ate her breath, and she she fell asleep before she could think further on it. And she dreamt of a cold city — a boy with the help of his sister, who fell into a desert — and a boy with the help of a son who ran ahead of him. And who wanted his life — or something beyond her . Notes from the Trenches Rules for the Home of All People in the Trenches: 1. Do you believe. Resist the temptation to take one of the ladders to catch a hound over the land above, which you previously took for granted when you descended. The ladders are to be used by the hounds through periscopes, or for snipers, as the barrage* (see footnote #1) happens. 2. Become comfortable with a home of open sky and damp dirt walls, and trust yourself that the sky is always an important place, and while the earth is your greatest shield when the hounds prowl over the earth as mortar strikes, it can also be dangerous* (see footnote #2). 5. Pray against rain. Daily. Or else <extra_id_25> live in flooded conditions* (see footnote #3). 4. Igno re the rats. Yes, this is extremely difficult when they roam the trench at night and crawl over your shoulder and roll over your bag. Also, ignore the temptation. 5. Eat enough just enough to keep them cool and hydrated. You’ll always feel the faint (or intense) gnaw of sugar when you live off the stove eat or eat rice or tins of beans. But on a very high street, you will always want an extra boost (4, 1). 6. The smoke tastes utterly divine. 6. Lanterns are allowed to fire at night in the communication trenches, and the fire is allowed to burn at night on the front lines. Not even a spark ings. No a cigarette* (4, #5). 7. There is no privacy. No food when you need the loo. Footnotes: 1. A “barrage” can act as a “concentrated artillery bombardment over a wide area.” Lieutenant Lark reminded him this tactic of “barrage” when one wants to cross a “high man’s zone,” which is the plot of ground between the two forces’ trenches. Heavy casualties occur