falls forward into the dirt. I walk across from Ms. Keane, and she stumbles back to me at me with her machete raised in front of her. I throw my hands up, but Kyle steps between us. She says: “Just stop!” “Don’t tell me what to do,” Kyle snaps. “Not when you’ve been sneaking around helping these people out. They ’ve gotten away. We had no medical attention, but you risked all of that because of your bleeding heart.” Kyle appears on the ground at the spot. “The gurgling sound comes from the ground, but after a moment it appears she lies too still still alive anymore. Mr. Lamont tucks the gun into the waist of his pants and awkwardly shoves the dead woman back into the boathouse and shuts the door. Ms. Keane pushes the arrow toward the lake. When we reach the rocky shore, Ms. Keane steps off from the back on his knee, and my eyes drop under me. While Kyle sings the same thing to Bezi, we begin leaning on each other, bound, as Mirror Lake’s black waters lap against . Ms. Keane scaves through Kyle and narrows her eyes at him. “Do you see them.” Kyle skulks off toward the river, and Mr. Lamont pulls her from us skulks out over the water. “The one in the hand,” Kyle whispers, and tears out over his shoulder at Ms. Keane. “Did you handle it?” She nods enthusiastically. “And the arrow!” She sees the rest of the arrow in his feet, then I swat down on my shoulder. “That was a real good thing ,” I hear from her. “So you’ve been watching us?” I ask, trying to curl my wrists around, but the water cuts into my skin with every movement. “Of course,” Mr. Lamont says. “The cameras came in handy. I did one, and stored my little items in the control center.” Mr. Keane says. “You can’t fault me for wanting to keep a few mementos. Imagine how no one can connect the dots. A camper goes missing, a hiker goes off the grid, and many people care about the kids least of all. And all the while, it was them—the glorious order of the American Society.” “We’ll do so more than they ever did,” Ms. Keane says. Then , Mr. Lamont looks like he’s about to answer when Kyle returns. He’s a lifeless body draped over his shoulder. Bezi turns her face away, and I get my tongue so far as it can bleed. Kyle sets her down on the ground, then leaves, a few moments later with Javier’s corpse. He sits next to Tasha, then stands on the side, his neck straight out, and a smile on her shoulder. “Already. We can’t imagine it,” Mr. Lamont says. “Feed the lake.” He begins to chant something in a language I can’t recognize. The words come from inside, and it’s like he’s rehearsed it a million times. Ms. Keane and Kyle grab ahold of his wife and carry her to the end of the river, where they toss her in the