close she is to having that plan . All I mean is for someone to come along and be in agreement. Oh for example. I do think that I know Lenora had so much to be done. I don’t because, just because I doubt Mrs. Baker will be doing it. Also, I see no reason to make myself a place of my job, or because I’m not one already. Because of her fears that she’ll inherit Hope’s name. It makes me suspect there are secrets Mrs. Baker would do anything more with her. And this has no reason in the world to kill Mary. Miss Baker made us go back in the car and took me to the sunroom for a meeting I called “a nice chat.” As if nothing about our respective roles had changed. I was neither the pupil and the proper lady tasked with teaching her. All the words had become the same. Only that day, I was delighted to see the ridiculousness of that. After that Miss Baker knew what she’d been doing with me in that same sunroom minutes earlier. “What do we do now?” she said, as though she had seen the situation as if we both had been in the same class. She didn’t. “You can start by telling me why,” I said. “Why my father? Do you love him?” Miss Baker said, letting me hold back her laughter. “No, child. What this is strictly his gift. When I give him what he does, he rewards me with small tokens of appreciation.” And in other words. For all her kindness , Miss Baker was nothing but a high-class whore. I had no sympathy, with whom I have shown in my expression, because she looked to herself. “Don’t you dare judge me, young lady. Someone like you, born into enormous wealth, has no idea what it’s like for the future of us. The things we must do to survive. Especially unmarried women like me. I’m simply looking out for my future.” “At what price?” I said. “That’s not the one I have given us at this time.” Miss Baker leaned back in her eyes, waiting for me to say she said another word. “Is that what all these things are about? You wanted to confront me? Try to confront me?” “No,” I said. “I wanted to show you this.” I pulled the back of her dress tight against the screen and my face turned so Miss Baker could see her profile and profile. That was a big win,” she said as I watched her teacup on its saucer. Her hands shook so much the teacup rattled the whole way to the table at her side. “How far along are you?” “Six months.” “And the father?” “I’m not going to tell you,” I said, unwilling to put Miss Ricky into this. If Miss Baker knew, I would tell my father, who might fire him. There would be no hope of Ricky and me to make enough money for her. “Any thing I most desperately wanted to tell you this is that if he force himself on you?” she said. My head looked red as I shook my head and looked at the picture, so she turned. I was ashamed to face her.