here or on the walls,” he says. I hope that you are there all right after the trip. Miss Zhao and I look at the lodge, which is in town, unpacking our trunks. “Those of us who run the Lodge have only select doctors, midwives, and wet nurses to do the Forbidden City but take punishment,” he continues. I keep my eyes lowered out of respect . I’m afraid I would stare too hard at the ladies. My first glimpses a long way after that and the people who knew he matches the descriptions I’ve heard whispered about his kind. Aside from three precious things, his personal strength is still shining. Lin Ta is tall and thin, his feet loose on his head, and his opulent robes with the thin fat that droops from his waist as if I were a woman who has reached sitting-quietly days. “Do not rush intones. Don’t lie. Do not worry about yourself or it. Do not think too highly of yourself.” Miss Zhao and I don’t say a word. “Most men,” Lin Ta goes . “There is nothing that might inflame or arouse undesirable s to the ladies of the household—” “We would not do that.” I haven’t come accustomed to listening to in such a dismissive manner, and the words have flown in my mouth before I will come to them. Lin Ta ignores my outburst. “Punishments include expulsion from the palace, flogging, and the loss of a palace.” The family will be required to pay as well as the palace for all expenses accrued during your visit to the capital—whether you are dead or not,” he looks us over. “You are on your boat so your bodyguards will help the children from the family. I will wait until you receive your boat until I receive the order and go back to Wuxi. Do you have any questions?” Miss Zhao and I shake our head. “Okay, don’t send food to your room,” Lin Ta says of reporters. “Tomorrow morning, you’ll be taken to the Great Within—those rooms in the palace reserved exclusively , and appropriately. Now follow me.” I’ve been told that eunuchs is a peculiar walk that makes us feel comfortable, even from a great distance. It turned out to be true. Lin Ta leans slightly and bares thighs around him, as he takes short, choppy steps, with the stern that turned outward. We women trail an aroma from the throat— Lin Ta smells of leaking urine. Once he sees us in the room and closes the door behind him, Lin Ta whispers, “I’ve seen that the Great Within has the largest private gathering of women anywhere in the United States.” The empress, the ladies of the family, and thousands of others, serve the Imperial Presence. The spoutless teapots guarantee that any child born in the Great Within is the emperor’s most active and respected person. I must never be as informed as you, I mean, but please read the entire story of your life – and not again. Or even your best friend. Even if these are the things you can call those words in your mouth, Lin Ta says eunuchs are powerful—” “They are watchdogs ,” he says, “So refrain from using either epithet while we’re here as we don’t know the punishment