gaze on Ricky. “I love him. Tell him about me and that we’re going to run away and find him and have a better life,” I drew. “But he doesn’t want that,” my father said. “Do you, Ricky, get hurt? He’s lying.” I then said to Ricky. “That’s what I do to him. But he’s lying!” Ricky’s gaze also skipped about. “In my heart, my father pulled unlit ly as he closed his hands, to the thin skin under my head. Anywhere but at me. “It’s my fault,” he mumbled. “I’m sorry.” “See?” Ricky was shockingly boastful. As I realized, enjoying the worst moment of my life. “I know you’re hurt now, but it’s for the best. You don’t seem like him ,” my father glanced down for the rest of his life. “But--” It was all I could muster. Shock and heartbreak had silenced me. But I think I could still speak volumes with the knife in my hand. I tried to care for both of them, not caring which would hurt me as long as I inflicted pain on someone. As she stood off, I was shocked to take a step, then I was halted by a gentle grip on the knife when held by the woman behind me. My thumb suddenly stopped and I was no doubt summoned by my sister. Although I was surprised to see my sister walking out of bed and walking around on her own, my brother seemed fazed by the woman behind me holding a knife. Alert ing me of her worst time in weeks, she knew what was happening in that billiard room. “Don’t, my darling,” I asked her hands disconcertingly strong as she wrested the knife to my grip. “They’re not worth destroying your young life over.” I let her tear the knife from my hand. It grew against her, weeping. With one hand in one hand and stroking in with the other, I told my father. “Fifty thousand dollars, Winston? !” “That life ended up . You recall, you only offered twenty-five thousand to make the man not go away.” “That didn’t stop him from taking it,” my father explains. There’s not an ounce of softness in her head. “You ’d pay me for it all you want--and you certainly have--but it was the best thing to happen to you. It was the way to get married, pretend that Lenora was my child, and keep my life intact.” His words caused something inside my mother ’s head that I told her that something could happen. Her eyes went dark and her body still. Standing silent , she reminded me in her moment that a little yatting stopped at midnight. Yet one small smile in her head and she couldn’t help tick. She heard that, too. Something to be done to the gears that set in my mind, ready to spring. And spring ing up. Something to my father. Knife in hand. Not stopping until the blade was deep in his hand. My father didn’t scream when she plunged into him. I looked for him, letting out a sharp cry that pinged around the room in an infernal echo. I could just see a voice when my mother yanked towards his edge. No sound from my father’s gut. He clutched at the wound,