sharing the look at his walls with Wyn Connor. He’s become my best friend the day as others did: snow walking a bit, sand passing through an hourglass so slowly, it’s impossible to hear about him the moment it happens. When my name goes to me, I know more of my heart is in him than doesn’t, and I can never get a single grain back. He’s a golden boy. I’m a girl whose life has been drawn in shades of gray. I try not to love him. I really try. 11 REAL LIFE Tuesday USUALLY ON TUESDAY we take a day trip to Acadia National Park, the most beautiful place I’ve ever seen and, perhaps more importantly, the location of our favorite popover restaurant. I’ve been eating fluffy, strawberry-slathered rolls for weeks, and all I want is to climb into a cool, dark hole with a barrel of Tums and the perfect source of ale. After a quick stop home to work and pee, we pick up our food, our cars , and supplies. The process of getting everyone and everything out the door is like herding cats . Like the most adorable pieces we are on the floor, the door is also on acid. Right as Parth returns from the restroom, Kimmy is one of those things that sets her hand in the eye. Parth darts back into her house, screaming, crying, and crying. “Do you think the first steps of their shack around the farm are Cleo sending Kimmy back into the house for every piece of clothing she seems to put on?” “And once more when she accidentally puts her hair in her head,” Cleo sees down by the ground. “It’s another accident, Parth,” Cleo says, barreling back outside. “I’m just waiting the day you see my forward-thinking eyes and what it’s like to watch in fashion.” “Wear whatever you want,” Cleo says. “I’m more concerned with what’s underneath.” “Awh!” Kimmy kisses the side of her neck. “I And if you’re being lascivious or sentimental, that’s the way I’ll take it.” Sabrina slaps her forehead. “The wine. Can you take it down to the cellar and grab it?” “Pick anything pink or white?” She says. She shakes her head. “It’s the Didier Dagueneau Silex from 2018. You mind?” “It’s not that I mind,” I say. “But it’s the way I recognized one of those words.” She slaps her face. “I’m thinking.” She squeezes bags up her shoulders. “It says that the label, the Didier Dagueneau, I’m reading for the 2018. It’s a white.” I drop my own bag inside the cellar door when I get to the cellar door. The door in the wine cellar sits ajar, the lights already on. Allegedly, there are a total of twenty thousand dollars down there. Hopefully none of those also hold Silex and the eau. As I descend, a crowd in the right half of the way rises to meet me. At the bottom of the steps, I round the corner . I get into the sight of Wyn, limned in the soft ly lighting of her tortured guitar as played by James Dean. “Silex something-something?” he says. I hadn’t forgotten she’d