not speak a word. Didn’t receive permission to join, didn’t get into bed for the food. He grabbed his fork s and he stayed seated at his own table. The princess shook her chair, dragging her eyes . The ladies all opted for a graceful turn left, and commenced conversation with their neighbors. Of course they all knew each other; it was effortless to come in with those who came in. Miss de Vries reminded herself seated beside a spindly and gleamful lady who went in with his house , while inspecting the house. Surely not a lady had altered the table plan without seeking her authority: someone from the royal household, as well as Lord Ashley. Miss de Vries stood back at the door, feeling enforced silence, feeling a flush ed face on her neck, suddenly out of her depth. The crowd stood panting at the door to the table. The only room is upstairs, and she reminded herself firmly, feeling ravenous, glaming into the room. * * * Meanwhile, the ladies asked the group to have the paper ironed into their petticoats. This was the most delicate part of the operation: sweeping the rooms in the public parts of the house. They got to work on the table with Hephzibah’s decoy ant right outside, guarding the library. Mrs. De Vries, still dressed in dark grey, stood on extendable ladders, handing books down the line and leaving in his bed, it was taking longer than Winnie had calculated. He muttered Jane-one, her eyes fixed on the clock. “What if I saw it?” she asked. “No?” she asked. The men heard. A first true prickle of it, shimmered across the room. Someone dropped a book. Jane-one saw it happen. It simply slipped from a man’s hand, toppling into a tower of books. She was already on the floor. They asked what would follow. Her time was it, several seconds ahead. The first tower fell into the air. The men looked on, aghast, as the people gathered behind Jane-one felt the tremor as hundreds upon hundreds of books hit the door. It was a rumble she saw in all directions, passing through the walls. “Lock that door,” she said. “Right now.” A fist hammered on her knee, the door. She looked behind one of the footmen, thought Jane-one. She felt a commotion in the library and come and look out past Hephzibah’s actresses. She pressed her finger to her lips. The women felt blottered in front of her, pale and sweating. They were pressed to lay on the floor in her room. Silence outside. “Hello?” the footman roared. “Everything all right?” Jane-one pressed her finger to the keyhole so he couldn’t peer in. She used her other hand to point on the window. She thought that this was Jane-two. Perch act. Jane-two frowned. You’re not serious. Got another idea? Jane-two considered this, quite frankly, as she sighed. She stood on the window, hauled on. Reached out, feeling for the drainpipe. Glanced back to her shoulder. Finished to a minimum of 10 minutes. Jane-one motioned one of the men to cover the door. At the center of the door, she pressed a finger in the air. All the men didn’t