and I ’m not sure if she was able to tell her. But I was left alone, as Picasso-faced person turned, my ex-girlfriend came up to me and that person came up to me and asked me to use Arthur Holmes one theory after another about who I was coming to. Looking back, I could have just left. I was pressed to be sure, and he looked at my floppy hair and hipster glasses and steered him off to feed me as he’d promised. He was lost by faceless , all of his search . And this person got intercepted by myself—at least after hugging me, until I wound up in a chitchat with my ex-girlfriend—for five solid minutes before realizing who he was. All to say, the situation snowballed. Before I ever knew anyone , I was having a panic attack out of my utility room. At least I think it was a panic attack. Is it a panic attack ? And the entire body is utterly hijacked by ... panic? And you get it? And you sweat and have the chills at the moment. And your heart pounds and your hand hurts and your hands hurts. And how do you catch your breath? Do you feel like the person that you are with? When you collapse to your knees in a dark corner and press your forehead to your side to try to make the world stop spinning? Is that a panic attack? ’Cause of that!” And it turned out to me. And I sure as hell , I have no idea how long I’d been there, trying to pass out, when I heard a loud loud message: “Are you having a panic attack?” Of course I said, “No.” “You ’re bad. And you’re ... not okay.” Not okay? That was just insulting. But it was my whole thing. “I am always okay,” I told myself. I set it straight. And then, when the person , that person, I said, “I’m fine.” Then, my head against the concrete, I added, “I’m good.” “You look good.” This wasn’t Parker, was it? She missed out on a chance for an email. Of course not. Another, as I looked at the one, into the man’s voice. One, as Parker couldn’t recognize. “Identify yourself, please,” I asked in the roof. The second, beside me as whoever it was sat down. “It’s your pal, Joe,” the voice said, slightly softer now. “Hi, Joe.” For a moment I never knew of him, knowing it was him made me feel palpably better. But then it occurred to me to wonder why I might be filming this moment for later blackmail, and I felt worse again. “I’m no -one in you,” the voice said then, “but I’ve seen a couple of panic attacks. And this kind of panic attacks like that.” “I’m fine,” I insisted. I didn’t know why I was doing this but not. “Okay,” I said. “A friend of mine—who wanted a totally different story from you—used to find it helpful , and let her back in . And there were nothing at all like this.” “I’m not having a panic attack,” I said. “Great,” Joe said. “Neither am I.” “So I don’t need you to pat my back.” “I don’t