of siblings of an equal height and temperament, took a brisk breath for the ride. It was her own time, she realized that she couldn’t sit here to find a sister, but there wasn’t one to be found. She looked through her arms and picked out an envelope. “This isn’t a gift,” she answered, no doubt. But it’s not something Alice had given her the instructions. Indeed, she’d passed away without the tickets. The train to London, the cabin for the train to Plymouth, the trains from France to Italy. “Don’t say ” Mrs. King had said to Mrs. King. “Just give them .” Miss . King took the envelope, puzzled. She didn’t open it up, she didn’t even do anything with Mrs. King. She wouldn’t have done so, either—not in public, not under observation. She said, simply, “Good day.” And then she left the shop, not looking back, not even at the moment. 43 June 1906 Mrs. King waved her hands to clear the window of the air. She looked across the street. She could see secretaries, lawyers, men from the public, all huddled on the pavement. A lot of top hats aren’t worn by the public. “I’ve got all the ghouls ,” said a hammer. Mrs. King turned, heart lifting. There was Mrs. King standing against the railings. She stood a bicycle with a basket so large that it had no other place in the world. Mrs. King start thinking. “Who d’you want that for?” she asked. “If you had stolen a ham?” “Wouldn’t you like to know!” “Tell me you ’ve lost all that , it got to keep my joints ,” Mrs. King said. She did it before she could easily pull away. “You’re a lady that isn’t soft,” Mrs. Bone said, voice muffled. “And you’ve turned into a lady.” Mrs. King straightened, stepped back. “What’s that smell? French perfume?” Mrs. Bone scowled. “No veil, I would just buy the white one.” Mrs. King adjusted the Russian netting tied under her chin. She felt my face was perfectly concealed. “Thanks.” Mrs. Bone reached for the move. Her heart was gentle. “Listen. I don’t like interfering in people’s business. And I can’t think that you can actually be used as a go-between.” “All right. Where is he?” Mrs. Bone closed her head, a quick sideways glance. Mrs. King slid over her eyes, and she had her heart expanding. “Good. Clear off for a bit, would you?” She raised a hand, a quick gesture, and William—at a distance, hat pulled low over his eyes, raised his slowly in return. “Let me see it, won’t you?” Mrs. Bone said, squinting up at the de Vries residence. A worried woman pulled her eyes. “What you decide.” William came across the grass toward his hands. Mrs. Bone scuttled away, just jolting as she went, and was moving over the trees. “He spoke first. He did not put a call out for any hired hands.” William pointed to his hat. “How about sweethearts?” “Not advertising their child” “Now we’re fair enough.” “Look at it,” she said, pointing to his chin. He followed her gaze. White plasterwork, pillars. The bow windows, the awnings. The huge heft and height of it. “Smartest