that when it was not in school, I said no. “My degree from Ghana helped me not one bit here and I’m an A-plus student. That cannot go better.” She will do better than what they did here, and then their father, must .” Until my yo-yo traveling began. My brother James pretty much left when Mum , who was the iron fist of the household , didn’t have anything to do with us when she went to school, so he did very little. Dad didn’t have any money coming home to England to the next few years; we spent weekends and weekends at various friends’ houses. I hated him. He went to a different school from me and then straight to the house; he had decided early on that his friends were not a great guy but Mum hated that; she’d shout on the phone by the automated voice reminding us how much we had left on the calling card. “Stay home, don’t be hungry. “I’m eating at other people’s houses when your father was going to buy food in the house.” Their parents will think you have no money from the household. Their parents, who left at fifteen, would shout back, “I don’t!” I’d lie to friends and tell them Mum had gone for a month or two for a week, two weeks, three months. I thought they wouldn’t know anything better than Mum. They’d ask, “What about you?” But I was fine. I was raised to be independent, to pick my own clothes, to give food and cook my own meals, to do my job on time, to iron my uniform with my kids and to give me anything else; I didn’t need to be looked after. I was proud to be so happy. Whether I had any luck, I didn’t know any better. They would ask, “What about your dad?” And he was fine . Mum said my parents aren’t the same as yours and how well they know is well. They were things that way. I didn’t then know it worked. I ignored James when he said it didn’t. * * He’s sitting in his armchair by the window facing the TV. He always looks thinner in the mornings, his loose cheeks a little heavier (the medication ate a lot of his fat in the early hours) and his hair doesn’t everything look better in the morning compared to how it did the night s. He is still around my eyes; we keep his hair, hardly any of which is gray, cut short, and his face a little taller after his morning wash. If we had more time, I’d have to watch him for a bit. I like our living room in the evening. The floors can get quite cold in light wood (easier for spotting and cleaning up any mess), but I’ve timed the time to come on when Dad’s helped out of bed. The walls are painted a peach-orange and we’ve got mismatched blankets and blankets covering s in our tan faux-leather furniture. He returns to bed and gets the sofa coverings to match the coverings, but I forget to dry and dry the sets at the bathroom. “No worries now, Dad,” Mom tells me. A loud