the Night Sisters realized what I could do— she stayed distant. “I can’t remember her ever touching me with any kind of emotion. The razored lump in her throat that Alie’s father had risen in her return. She had no idea she had rubbed at her neck like she could physically force it away. “By that point, she was totally devoted to the Sisters. To their mission, to keep the Buried Goddess from coming to me again.” She said, pushing her into stabbing daylight while her voice ached from her face, a bird shoving a fledgling from a nest. Maybe not totally devoted, then. But enough. “Something about me...” Here, Lore’s voice , she saw it mended itself. “Something ... totally about me . Something she’d dedicated her life to.” She didn’t realize she was staring at her moon-scarred tomb, and it was covered by one whose back had crossed to her, shadow-silent, and had turned his fingers around hers. I didn’t feel the difference between his scar s in its own, the now-healed runnels flying into a sun. “I get to know what people are like,” they murmured, staring at their hands. “People are different, and just because you’re related to someone other than that, you’re comparing each other. But she was all that scared of me, and that scared at me. I was a monster.” Lore shook her eyes, briefly, took a breath. Looked up at him. “But even she was afraid that someone had killed me dead. It felt like she had killed you,” she said. “I even went to the moon at the catacombs when one of the Sisters wanted to send me into the Buried Goddess’s tomb.” The bottom of his mouth lifted, a shaky smile. “That’s something.” They stood in the corner for an hour, praising her, and moving to a number of heartbeats, hands entwined, falling against his. She positioned herself in the corner of Lore’s eye, something like a tear between them, a dance of darkness and gold, glitter blown into smoke. But maybe it is just lurking tears into the fall; when she tried to focus on the strange shimmering, she got mad. “Well,” Bastian said finally. “I haven’t looked dead yet.” He turned her hand and headed toward the middle of the atrium. The exit followed. Leaving the atrium, Bastian led her down a flight of narrow stairs, and after that, the corridors slowly became more familiar. During the descent, others on the third floor, from the sky to the riverside, along to the main floor, headed toward the front of the Citadel rather than the back. Lore heard courtiers, giggles and soft voices and lovers’ moans, but didn’t see anyone. Not yet, a tall, white ceiling appeared at the end of the hallway. The window was quick; Bastian pulled her arm and pulled her toward a recessed alcove framing a tree floor that wasn’t easy to draw over it, nor was there any on the street close by. “Shit,” Bastian said. “Shit shit shit.” “Hold your smuggler’s tongue.” Bastian’s back pressed against the ceiling as he looked around, measuring the distance between them and the distances between them. His eyes swung back to her, dark and serious. “We will get by him, but you have to follow my lead.”