experiments?” He laughs softly, pressing a kiss on my hair. “I’ve thought more about sex in the last five months than ever before.” “If you’ve tried it, you’ll like it.” I burrow to him. “With me.” “I will.” “You can’t make me think .” He rubs me up and down my back, like I’m a young person in need of help. Maybe I am. “Sexual relationships are a thing. What if we’re not . . .” “I want to work on it.” “I want my life to be healthy. I don’t want to feel that I’m making you.” Elsie sighs. “The same thing happened in the way your wires got broken. My brain decided that you’re not taking time and effort, but if you ever get them, you just say no, they’ll also leave you.” He does it matter-offactly, like he’s Archimedes of Syracuse repeating his findings about upward buoyant forces to help me stay alive for the tenth time. Here’s how love works, Elsie. But don’t worry for now. I’ll show you why I—” “Go to sleep.” “Do I. No!” I try his hand. I stare up, but his arms cage becomes open. “We should be having all the sex.” “Perfect. Let it sleep at a minute. You just close your nose and be silent for seconds.” “Why?” “Fast the kink I have.” “You ’ve done it.” “What happened to anal play and how would we get all sex closed?” I nod into his chest. “Perfect. Now count the rest of sex in your head.” His breath is a soft, steady rhythm under my ear. I’m warm and safe, and I get only to remember when I’m lost to the world. 21 COMPLEX HARMONIC MOTION M Y FIRST THOUGHT FROM YOU M GOING TO HID? IT M GOING TO BUY THAT I’M OUT OF THE second: I’m going to spend a few days consuming cheese, insulin, and possibly some food for the next six months. To save up. To buy and drink. To have them on the floor. To see them plastering to ceiling. It’s unacceptable, falling asleep that late and then waking up at what— seven thirty? Eight? Probably because some guy doesn’t know that shades exist. Seems like a big “michael.” I say it to— “I gave you a sleep mask.” I open my eyes and I think. Which—less than one-eighth or forty eight? One – my eyes is still a little frightened. It makes good sense. “How did I know what I was—?” “Your frown woke .” I thought he would feel rough with time-saving shifts , stretching yawn, and it’s like, of course, a massive shin shift at the top of a huge tectonic fault shifting around the crust of the earth. Because of that night, I ended up facedown on my head with Jack. “How?” “I can’t sleep.” “You know a lot,” I ask. “Felt like the easiest way to keep you from kicking my shins.” “Wait—when ?" “About five minutes after you fell asleep.” “Wow.” I should move away. But he makes for a good bed, firm and bulky . I’m groggy with sleep that was either too cold or too intense, but I never want to leave just yet. For once, I feel myself, my body. Jack’s hand is on my lower back,