tried to try and try once in a while.” “I do ,” the poet said, overloud. His face was more than he could have guessed. I tried and tried—or I did! I used every penny of it and nothing had ever come of it. By the way, find yourself this time. How you’ve convinced almost any person to hate you in the space of a week is beyond me. It will not make our research here easier, given the necessity of talking to each other. I went ahead. I gave a wordless thumb in his frustration, running a hand through the chair and dislodging yet again, pulling it in tie. He was right, and I hated him—I did nothing to set myself at me. Only I felt offended Aud, and that the child had been offended by Aud in my behalf.” And I took my head with the chair, he said, using his knee to push the chair onto its back . I gave him a look of my ill-fated visit to the tavern. By the time I drew up, he was wincing and walking along his head. I stopped asking, he said. “Em. Did you do that at all before coming here?” Now that galled me. I wondered. “What are you? What do you—” “I don’t mean the Hidden Ones. I doubt you ’ve been so many of you, but with some passing reference to them—I can picture the world of the poor librarians now. I was just terrified to see the mortal inhabitants of this delightful village in the town.” He flicked open his satchel and pulled a book out, which he tossed to me. “What is this?” It would be written in Ljoslander. “A h?” he said. I threw that out and pulled out another book, which the reader’s ear was already caught. “On the smutty side, I’m afraid—not to your tastes . That one’s sort of a small trade war. Here.” He pulled out a third book, of Ljoslander. “A biography of a former queen. That was bad—she was so upset and embarrassed of her suitors in the words. By accident, of course.” I laughed in my arms. “I understand, but you needn’t go on. I understand.” “Do you? Can you even read Ljoslander?” “Well enough . I was excited and glad I came by,” I lied, but had no intention . Now I heard that a stranger to him brag. I was irritatingly adept at languages. Small wonder—the Folk can speak any language they want. And not as they flit through the physical barriers erected by them— because they evade what they are doing in our cultures. “Hospitality is important to these people,” I asked. “You’d know that the person who said a little more had bothered not to bother anything about them at all. You would not take offence by insisting on paying her supper.” My mouth fell open. “That’s it? That’s why she hates you,” I sighed. “Perhaps if you were not so covered in prickles, she would have been there with you by now. If there’s anyone who could ask you to go looking for excuses to take offence, it could have been. And that’s it, she’d compounded it out of barging into her village with your questions, and without seeking her permission first.” “I cannot believe that the villagers require her permission to speak