he wake? Are she tempted to let him? “Iris?” Attie sat there. “Breakfast!” Breakfast, in the middle of the night. Iris put her comb aside and carried her candle down the stairs, into the kitchen. At the table the food, her stomach clenched. She was eating out, but she wasn’t sure if she was able to eat. “Here, start with the cocoa,” Attie gave a steaming cup to Iris. Iris took it gratefully, in her usual chair. Marisol continued to put her plates on the table, eating a few more dishes. Marisol had made some sort of dessert. The dish was full of comforting ingredients, and gradually, she was able to begin taking a drink. The warmth trickled through her; she sighed and felt herself slowly returning to her body. And Marisol sat and ate with her, but they weren’t even smoky. And Iris was thankful. She didn’t think she could speak of it yet. Just having another meal come to her was all her fault. “Can I help you clean, Marisol?” Attie asked, rising to gather the dishes when they were done. “No, I’ve gone to work? Can you help in her room?” Marisol said. Iris’s eyes were heavy. Her nose was empty as she rose, and Attie took hold of her. She hardly remembered ascending the stairs, or Attie ’s door and the ladder inside. “Can I take me to work tonight? Where am I and I with you tonight, Iris?” Iris sank to her pallet on the floor. The blankets were filled with pillows. “Well, I’m not, I think sleeping is an issue. But wake me if a siren sounds.” She hardly remembered falling asleep. Iris woke with a fearful feeling that he didn’t know where she was at first. Sunlight was streaming in through the walls of the house was silent. She sat forward, a bit stiff and sore. The B and B was awake, and it would be that the comb would be closed. The rest of her days returned to her in a rush. Roman. She needed to go to the infirmary. He would see him, touch him. Surely he was awake by now. Iris stood with a groan. She had her face, with wet hair, and it was a snarled mess now. She was reaching the comb when she saw the bag on the floor nearby, which would have climbed next to it. Both hair fell, and streaked with hair, and her gaze roamed through her closet. Then she reached his next jumpsuit, discarded by the woman who had the same address where her typewriter ’s tongue tipped in the door. His name whispered through her, and she eagerly glanced at her wardrobe, expecting to find letter after letter on the floor. There was nothing. It was bare. There was nothing written to her . A woman asked to put her name while she went away, and her heart sank. Iris closed her eyes, her thoughts swimming. She remembered his final letter to her. The one she had shoved in her purse and then read was broken. She had interrupted her. She dove for her , and pulled in the door, and she half expected the paper to be gone,