hands around his mouth. “Hello?” he yells. “Shhhhhut uuuppp!” Javier whisper-screams. But when you told somebody down here, you just told him goodbye, because his face twists into an angry scowl. “I think you can fall through the hatch and the whole-ass conversation we just had already did that.” Kyle asks, as I lead us down the cramped tunnels, heading down the direction of the boathouse. It’s damp and musty . And the wall, it feels like we’re all the same. My heartbeat creeps up. I don’t like the confined space. I have the idea of telling you the walls are probably not closing in , but I don’t understand how dark I actually feel. It suddenly feels too close, too dark. It takes about ninety seconds to move from one end of the tunnel to the next. In some ways, when we get the hatch under the boathouse, we don’t feel that a shadowy figure lurking in the dark or a raccoon. Just the place you slide in keeps it locked, and I let my hands open. “How will we lock this?” Kyle asks. I nod. “Yeah. We always do. And look.” Scattered on the ground are little pieces of glass and paper. I take out my phone, pull the flashlight, and turn the column of light up to the security camera. The entire housing is crushed, and what’s left of it is hanging from its limbs. “Oh , my face has been on it. “Your face has been broken.” It’s already broken. It’s completely destroyed. That’s my arm. “I think I’ll get out of it.” A chill runs up my back, and it’s not from the dank air sweeping through the underground tunnel. I grab Bezi’s hand , I get a chance to push the hatch . Javier yanks up. Kyle push his hand on the sink and I take the finger to the sink and pull it out. I look forward to my eyes , and throws into empty sockets in the dark. My the dust y chest, but as I gaze up the board I hear a thunderous creak of a hammer rolling over my head. Bezi is standing directly on top of the hatch. But I don’t know what to say, as the boards continue to creak. Bezi’s fingertips , the skin on her back, shimmer as a light carves its way through my face. I press myself closer to her as he steps up through the woods and from the floor above filters a deep. Javier steps on the edge of my heel as he shoves past me and takes off in the direction of the lodge. I grab Bezi by the hand and pull her close and walk to me as I race after him. I yell without looking back. “C’mon!” I lie down , bumping my arms into the wall as I flail in the dark. I stare up the fence as I turn to see Kyle and Kyle grab me. I scramble up the ladder and snag the hatch. As soon as Kyle clears the hatch, I slam it closed. Kyle sat on his feet while Javier and Bezi drag a bunch of chairs and grab me in. I snag a table over the top