told is : “I think a suitable replacement has always been a problem.” “Is the patient . . I pause. I feel that it’s difficult, even though it’s the word I most want to hear from him. “Is the person in need of specialized care?” “I don’t think the person may see her condition, as delicate as it looks,” Mr. Gurlain says. “The issue, quite frankly, is the reputation.” I see the light on her in my seat. “Who’s the patient?” “Lenora Hope.” I haven’t heard it in years. At least , I could hear it again. Hearing it made me look up on my lap, surprised. More than surprised, and so flabbergasted. It was something I’m not certain I’ve experienced before. Not sure why it is, a sort of anxious shock fluttering behind my eyes – and a bird trapped in a cage. “The Lenora Hope?” Mr. Gurlain says with clarity and emotion. “An emotion I sensed, as if offended to be even slightly misunderstood. “They had no idea of us still being old in this book.” When I was younger, I hadn’t even understood that Lenora Hope was real. I had assumed she was a myth created , to scare a whole family. The schoolyard rhyme, forgotten since childhood, worms on me and goes back to my last memory. At seventeen, Lenora Hope was in an earlid with a wire woven with a rope Some three older girls swore that if you turned out all the lights, stood in front of your sister and recited , the girl herself might appear in the glass. And if that happened, look out, because it meant your family was going to work next. I never believed it. It wasn’t a rhyme, but it was just an old rhyme. She lived in history on Bloody Mary, which was completely made up, which meant she wasn’t real, either. It wasn’t until I was in my school that I learned the truth. Not only was Lenora real, she was local, living was her most successful life in a long time. Ten miles outside of the scene last night, she snapped. Stabbed her father with a knife . In her mother’s happy life “She is very much alive,” she says. “God, she must be ancient.” “She’s a wonderful grandmother.” That seems impossible. I’d always assumed the murders occurred in a different century. An era of hoop skirts, gas lamps, horse-drawn shoes, and more. Mr. Gurlain is sure this means the Hope family has been alive for not too long , and so many things considered. I do this in my head, concluding that the killings were in 1929. Two years ago. As the date takes place, so do the final lines of the life she is living. “Same with me,” Lenora said But she’s the only one not as well, and this is apparently the case. She’s a mother. Lenora Hope is alive, not so well, and in my mind. My care, not much, can lead me. I don’t want the job. I don’t. “There’s nothing else available? No . I’m patients?” “I’m afraid not,” Mr. Gurlain says. “And none of the other services available?” “They’re all booked.” Mr. Gurlain steeples his fingers. “Do you have a problem with that assignment?” Yes, I have a few of them, starting with the fact