through, it was my mother’s turn into a small little town, with another tether to the area—and a care provider in my hometown. In July 1981, they returned to Seattle to adopt a ten-week-old Korean girl some friends had told them about, born severely in an immigrant family that did not believe they could have a medically complex child. The n I realized to my parents that I would have multiple disabilities and would never have a better life, but they had spent their long hours learning about the truth, that I knew the other people would be me, and believed that I was meant to be theirs. Though they initially wondered how their families would react to having an Asian child in the house, I stopped at a hospital. Then my grandmother charged them to go get that baby girl and bring her home to us. Given my history, they learned when I had walked later than average; they were surprised that by age two I spoke in paragraphs and was unable to memorize anything that seemed relevant to me. Every day was a time of drumbeat s and observations: why is that, I have heard, I know, I’d need to tell you, did you notice, do you have no problem. . . . ? My neighbor and I had two children jokingly told my mother that when it had been her first, she would have stopped at one. They were still adjusting to my new life as parents as my mother fell ill with her body rejecting its presence. My father took me to Seattle to see her. In photos from that day, I saw a chubby, happy boy in the blouse and a corduroy jumper, no longer small for my age, boasting a toothy grin, chipmunk cheeks, and a bright eye that sticks straight up in defiance of my parents’ styling efforts—no one said the same. My mother never told them about Asian baby . My grandmother, who, so much like my father with her wide smile, was so full of black, red, yellow, pink and brown that dark it could almost be black , reaches toward me as Dad props me up on her hospital bed. He must have known his trip was one day as well as a goodbye. Even as he would be when he died a few months later, a part of him was relieved and was alive because of her pain. * *** When I try to see my father as he was in my youth, healthy and strong, I see him working on a lunch or dinner day, in clothes with a yellow shirt and a short-sleeved white shirt with a name tag and a black hat with it, chatting with customers. He managed a series of pizza restaurants for most of my childhood, and his wife had no school and no one else was there to watch me, sometimes I’d go with him the rest of the day. I’ve been going into dark industrial spaces for the last five months and then watching him check and order inventory. Every now and then I try to be helpful, wiping down