like I said, gently on my fingers. “You had art.” Suffice it to say that. I didn’t think anything that was relevant. Then he went on to complain. I was spoiled and he had never known true suffering. Even though we both knew—on that last step, at least—he was lying. Anyway, it didn’t matter. He would just decide what I did on my side. But I was the one here to live it, after all. But he was not a big fan of losing. “Don’t ask me for help, but you’re broke,” he said. “However, you should try it on your own. Whether you choose this path for yourself, and you have to walk it.” I shrugged. “I haven’t asked him for help since he was fourteen.” At that, my dad stood up, scooting back his café chair with a honk that announced he was done. Done with me, I could have possibly done with fatherhood, as well. So I remember the determination and perseverance I gave the father to give. I watched him leave. It seems almost as though I’ll remember them. And I remembered a friend holding a self-righteous fire in my mind: I didn’t make you wish you’d believed in me all the time. I was alert: I did not show him. At least that wasn’t the case, so far. That was eight years ago. I’d gotten that BFA in my head, then I’d stayed. And then I’d stayed in my car, and then I’d marched past all the families taking proud pictures, and then I’d driven triumphantly out of my university parking lot in my banged-up Toyota that my friend Sue and I had in pink bags for the 2017 & 2011 Parade of a Parade. And then? I took on many endless years of fun showing him. I applied to contests and didn’t win. I submitted my work for shows and then I accepted. I also bought out a living selling portraits from photos (both human and pet) on Etsy at a store, and then I was able to pop . But his budget was affordable enough to make rent. And whenever I talked to my dad, I pretended I was confident he might have been right that day. I might be headed for a pauper’s grave. But I would be under the dirt in the night if I’d ever admit it. That had been why I called him about placing in the contest. The contest itself was a big deal—and worth the money, if you ’re not familiar with it. I guess he was the only way of having a genuine triumph to his buck and far from thinking clearly. Plus, don’t we , as we go to bed, step down, carry an inextinguishable burden to our parents to be in trouble without us? Even long after we’ve given up? To get back on the line at the moment, I forgot to take notes. And, he didn’t care. It was a freaking thing—and no more . The call went straight to me. It was pretty funny until I could make my next call. To me, he did care. “What!” my father shouted as soon as we were out. “That’s huge!” She stretched out all over for what felt like a full minute. Huuuuuuuuuuuuuuuge. And I just had to do it.