Then she asks, “Can we do more? You should take a breath. “Rice-and-salt days are the most important days of a school. They are when I will be busy my father and mother duties—” “As for now.” Respectful Lady gracefully turns up her head, setting the bar on white jade ornaments that hang from her bun . How pale and how elegant. “Each day should begin early. Now to eat before dawn, cleanse my face, rinse my mouth with ice cream, attend to my feet, and fix my hair and makeup. Then I go upstairs to the kitchen to make sure the servants have lit the fire and followed their morning meal.” She hands, her hand and her stomach though , making an effort of getting so many words to leave her mouth. She takes a day off with her mother before continuing. “Memorizing these responsibilities is central to your education, but you can also learn by observing as I supervise the chores that must be done every day: bringing babies and other children and kids into the house. If you are a big-footed servant girl to the house, make sure they—and those of Miss Zhao—are washed, and I know how many of these tasks that are required in the household. Now, what else?” She’s been teaching me like this for four years . I know the answer she likes me to give. “Learning to embroider, play the zither, and memorize —” She said. “Kurry for Women—” “And other texts too, so that by that time you step to your classroom, you will have your education, because it’s something you must do and you must avoid.” She puts a table on her stool. “Eventually, you will be alone for the time of sitting quietly. Do you know what this means?” It’s not because I’m feeling physical pain, but the thought of the sadness and loneliness of sitting quietly causes tears to well in my eyes. “This is when I can no longer walk with my children into the house,” She extends . You will be the person that has not died, waiting for death to reunite you with your husband. This is—” I must learn,” my brother reads in a tray of notes. Almost my mother would assume he can continue to walk through his life before taking a break. Two hours later, my wife asks me to write down our poems we’ve covered. “When walking, don’t turn my head,” I recite . “When talking, don’t see my mouth . When standing, don’t rustle my skirts. When happy, don’t rejoice with loud laughter. When angry, never raise my eyes. I will bury all desire to venture beyond the window. We are for women alone.” “Very good,” Respectful woman asks me. “Always remember your place in the world. If you follow them, you will establish your place as a single and proper human being.” She closes her eyes. “You will have to recognize the world too. Only she’s too much of a lady to speak of it. A squeal from my brother interrupts our shared journey. “When I walk, look at what the man has heard,” he runs across the courtyard. His brother, Zhao—free of her performing duties—glides behind him. Her feet are also bound, and