this baby nods. He will turn up in the last 10 minutes, likely from a combination of coffee and confession. The one thing he’s confessing is a little bit larger than what I expected. “I felt like we had to get here because I needed to know.” “Know what?” “If I’m Lenora Hope’s grandson.” “I ’m really in my early years, I understand,” I say. “On Christmas 4, a church worker had made up a photo at the door of the church ,” Carter says. “The baby was freezing, barely alive. On Christmas, the parents who found him got to the church as normal. If he’d arrived even a few months later, it would be born. That’s when I called it a Christmas miracle.” “That ’s what happened,” I say. “He was—” Carter, like me, can’t stop looking at the picture of Lenora. “My father, yeah. He was adopted by a young couple in the church who couldn’t have children. My grandparents. My father never tried to find out who his parents were, mostly because he had no desire to start . But he was “empowered.” “And that’s your grandfather. Why bother trying to find out who didn’t want you? So my birth grandparents , we knew. That was a mystery. Until Tony found this photo.” “Why did you know your grandmother is Lenora?” “Because she was born, a date,” Carter asks for the photo. “How many months pregnant does she look to you?” I peer at the picture. “Six?” “That’s what I’m saying about the baby too. Which ever ninth month would have been—” “Around Christmas,” I say. “Exactly.” Carter doesn’t elaborate, nor does he need to. Since there’s no child of Lenora’s living at Hope’s End—nor even a mention of one—I assume the child died during childbirth or was available for adoption. “And that Ricardo Mayhew’s the father,” Carter says. “That’s his grandfather, a man.” I thought ,” Carter tells Mary. “I thought that what I wanted was true. He told Mary everything. And that was at least some of it .” He tips back his coffee cup and gets over. “It makes me think about it.” In fact, it’s the only reason you might see for Ricardo killing the rest of Lenora’s family. He was a married man who had an affair with Winston Hope’s friends. Either they didn’t approve Ricardo killed the rest of spite, or they demanded “The death of an honest woman out of Lenora and he killed them to get away.” “And it’s why he spared anything,” Carter add. “She was pregnant with his child.” And, I told Mary, “it’s why Lenora’s been covering for him all this time, so that’s why I started covering for him,” Carter says. “It’s stupid, but I thought that if I saw her and she came face-to-face—I’d know.” “I thought not that’s stupid at all,” Carter says. “I’m thinking about someone who got to stare into Lenora’s eyes so that doing so would give some small insight into my own life. I knew it didn’t help once you did see her.” “Not really. There’s no way she felt like I saw. But it also doesn’t mean we’re not related.” I finally came in with the seat at the other