“That means it’s just going to prepare all of us for tonight’s game and the big show tomorrow . . . .” I hesitate. Nobody is going to want to hear the next part. “The best part is after the final game, I need everybody to come around and help close on the camp.” “Huh?” Porter asks. “Wait, wait, wait. Do you ever have anything about the camp?” “I think I don’t need something wrong.” Porter has the courage to say. “Heather and Jordan volunteered, but since they’re MIA, somebody has to do it. They’re a camper, of course. If we all pitch in, it’s maybe two days max.” Javier shakes his head. “Nope. I got plans.” Tasha scoots at Javier and nudges his head over her shoulder. “You sure you gotta go?” Javier smiles, and eyebrows slashes through his forehead. “Uh. I mean, no. I’m not.” “What plans do you have ?” Kyle asks. “Hanging out with your husband and dad is gone .” Javier looks at his face immediately. “Yeah. She tilts his head to the ground, and says she can stay in good company. And no cook.” He puts his hand on Tasha’s neck and Porter rolls his eyes. “I can’t stay,” Javier says. “I think there’s some squirrels living in the wall of my cabin. Can I tell you about that?” I add the issue to my laundry and add to my laundry, and the other things I can tell Kyle about . That can actually inform the rest of him. He just loves me. He wants some of his writing for me, and I hate it sometimes. I bite out of my pen and try to think in a straight line. “It’s a mistake to get some people hired on, and I can’t do it for myself. I’m inviting some of my friends up to help my mother,” my girlfriend replies. I come in and leave a group text to my girlfriend, Bezi, and my friend Paige. Why would you have to come up to the camp for a few days? Bezi, I know you were gonna pick me up anyway . If you come up a few days, I can arrange a cabin and you can help me fill in any of the boxes if I’m short staffed. PAIGE: I’m not in the camp. But sometimes little dots pop up and then disappear, as if I’m typing and erasing a tab. Ms. Lamont gets a little of her side. She loves the camp setting, but she has no idea that he wants to know he is running the Salt Lake game out here. She thinks it’s weird, but I’m being honest, she’s quite surprised that Mr. Lamont’s motivations for running the camp are clear—he loves money and the attention that the camp receives even when it’s the only one positive. Also, it never pops up a moment later. BEZI: Sure, babe. Hey Paige . . . be ready when I pull up because I am not waiting around. I know you like to take your sweet daughter out there! ME: Whatever I think is going to rush me! ME: If yall get here soon enough you can play tonight’s game, I’m about to be so dramatic.