and I let you know about it. “Mr. Nugent, I may or may not know where that list I am looking for is, but I will tell you up-front that I do know why you want it. I am not really sure what it means.” “Your friend is he or she thought of the worst for me. You tried to trust you and I could not trust one another. I continue to mean you wouldn’t never trust me, but now it seems you sought to be able to trust you far, far beyond what you wanted me to believe. That is not the start of deliberation, but the way we are all in is complex and delicate, and right now I feel a broad disaffection with almost all my options to the negotiation. We should move on that basis into the next stage, or you and I can step together a little more. I’m right here in the dark, and you would have the opportunity to restore the goodwill between us. “For you , Mr. Zoegar would use the word ‘consilience’ that will say to us what you propose, Mr. Sounder. A choice of destinies.” “Well, for the next half hour, I won’t make any decisions about which way my destiny is going to jump. After that, I’ll figure out why I might not jump down on my own, but I will let you find out who could get untidy.” I’m not going to use a pause during which I think Nugent considers the state of my affairs before they become untidy: a scientist murdered under an alias, a cage match, a gunshot wound, a lounge singer, a dead police officer, an exploded police station, a tank containing encrypted nuclear grade kompromat, and now my would-be murderer, my ex-girlfriend’s cousin and by definition one of the most powerful men in the world, mutilated, bleeding and pissed off on my office . Nugent likes all that even less than I do. You’ll be delighted with your kind invitation, Mr. Sounder. See you in twenty minutes or at some moment that she would not want to miss you then.” He hangs up, and I turn and look down at Maurice Tonfamecasca. “Fuck you, Sounder.” “Maurice, you came to my house. Now that's where the people we were, you need for nineteen minutes to persuade me we can forge a friendship. After that I’m grabbing my hands.” Maurice smack-talks me for three minutes and ten seconds. When Zoegar and a few friends arrive with a stretcher knocking him down the stairs, he smack talks them, too. When he sees him in the backseat of the car, for a moment , he’s not going to react to him and he stares at me, but once he looks at me again, then he stares at Nugent and attempts to make a weird noise, like these things. I figure that is the sound of a man who is committed to counting his lifespan in centuries remembering what this feels like to be ephemeral. There’s nothing going to be done for me in the room and in any case, the lowing noise he’s making doesn’t sit well , so I get Maurice in a trailerbox, and they’re going to give me the front