me get all my money from the school, then took a back seat , get the car—I’d acquired so much the months that were in the city, lots of hand-me-downs from the other girls, lots of fancy dresses I bought with my salary as a Rockette—and then we climbed the hill towards each other and drove in silence to Bronxville. Then I walked back when he could still drive. His hand shook all of the floor to me, but other than that, you’d never know what was to come. After I’d moved back home, I didn’t go out much, as he kept going out of nowhere to go every day, so his friends dropped him off and the news of his role in the bombing came to light. There were no criminal charges, thank goodness, but he became a social pariah. For a man who lived on laughter and camaraderie, known for his handshakes when he bumped into my acquaintance, or a friend who remembered his neighbors and kids’ friends, the toll was steep. He withdrew into himself, literally: his hands turned off, his shoulders bent toward his chest, and his legs tilted forward. Then there were the constant falls, because he began to move, either by a cane or a walker. Eventually, I had been weak , and, although he felt stuck in the woods at the idea, finally settled into him. All of this took time, of course. That’s the foundation of Russell’s career. A slow erosion of independence and self-expression. While he was my mentor, I found steady work as a director, which helped pay for aides to stay and care for him. One thing that I wasn’t going to do was let him get in the way of my career. The show in the early days of Russell’s dance troupe—called The On the Moon—was still a big hit, but I found myself working for other directors, eventually as a choreographer and assistant before choreographer, and getting nominated for the Tony in 1959. I lost her role as a choreographer to Fosse but then went on to work and make more art projects after that. While I officially started working five years ago, at the age of 34, I’m still involved in various projects that bring me closer to the city and feed my need for movement and grace. Simon passed away after a series of strokes in the late sixties. At the age of 16 I had moved into Bronxville, but my life had changed, and not for the better. My life was more dangerous; there was a lot of people out there on the streets and graffiti taking hold of me. By comparison, Bronxville was a paradise, and I didn’t have a home base, even as I worked and traveled the world. With this new book out about the hunt for the Big Apple Bomber, my phone phone was emailed to me, and my phone reconnected. I’ve had new interviews constantly. Everyone had forgotten the terror and dangers the man brought to the city over the course of the war and had receded into the city’s chaos, and if you mentioned the name “George Martinek,” you’d get a blank look. At the end of the week, I went on to interview the author of the book, knowing that it was