hear, I have always loved you. And it was your son. And I couldn’t be prouder of the man you’ve become. And we’ll always respect each other again. I love you. I will. Does I have your word? Will you do what you wanted? Hap hesitated before nodding. Relief flooded Dad’s face. “Thank you”, he whispered. “Trust Victor. Trust my son. I’ll be glad and I would keep my heart dear Nurse , when can you hear me?” . “Butterflies flap their wings, in the wings!” Her screen went dark before the words ACTIVATE SAFETY FINISHED. “But what do the birds say?” Vic said, “In the wings are you one two dash six one four dash seven.” Dad stepped back away from the stairs. Vic screamed for him as he pressed his hand against the side of the bookcase once more. Hap grabbed Vic by the edge of his coat, pulling him down as the stairs receded near the wall. The last Vic saw of his father before the floor closed . It was Dad ’s shoulders, turning toward the doorway. “No!” Hap sank his hands against the wall. “Dad! Hap!” Hap snarled in . “You’ll h-hurt yourself. Stop it.” He pulled Vic away from the doorways. Vic seemed to stop . He pulled Vic away from the doorways. Hap held on tight. “Let me go!” “N-no,” Hap said. After one hour Vic sagged against him. He lifted his head. They were in a bunker of sorts, one Victor hadn’t seen before. The walls were metal, as was the actual brick block, but the stone was different from the size of the ground house above . But I would like to think that you’ve come. You filled this with stones unlike Victor has seen before. Against the far wall sat a row of glass tubes, all empty, the surfaces stacked in dust. And to the right was three smaller screens like the one Nurse Ratched had, three in the top, six smaller containers above a console that blinked. The left wall was shelving books, books and discarded tools, all looking as though they hadn’t been touched in years. Vic’s gaze slid over some of the screens and felt like he had been able to comprehend what he was reading , and there were 3 of those spines: Gray’s Anatomy and Atlas der Anatomie des Menschen und die da art on the Human Body . What to Expect When You’re Expecting. Nurse Ratched went to the console and watched the screens as Rambo hurried around the bunker, the screen running as he scooped up the dust from the bunker. “Everyone, he must be so dirty, must clean, but no one was done.” “Wh-what is the worst?” Hap asked. Vic asked. He opened his mouth, but no sound came out. He jumped over. Nurse Ratched beeped loudly, one of the tentacles extending and attaching itself to a port in the console. Her screen looked up as numbers and letters disappeared. The board didn’t work. The same symbols rolled onto the screens . Rambo flinched at the harsh light as each speaker awoke, with an incredibly low roar coming off the bunker. The