Race d is not the most coveted race to make. No one wants to give up just a seat . Is typing ... _ ___ Darren Fun fact about me is I never dated a Black woman before but I always wanted to try it. See more info about it in general out there * * * I don’t fall asleep until three. It’s about the first few hours of my life, but I never talk to Alex. Even Jo went away before I read the book, lives in Putney, prefers green tea on the beach but comes from a rescue Labrador called Rufus. I was the last to message, and he hasn’t sent a reply yet. I go to a cafe of a weekday and regular people on their way . I find it frustrating, and I think I’m not on the way to school. I get out of bed and the house is empty. I decide I’m going to try to look at my house, or I wrap a cardigan around me and sit out in the garden with a tall glass of water. There’s almost two emails in my work inbox, which is less than I expected considering a good portion of them. There will be threads and emails I had already cc’d into in the first place. I imagine Penny told relevant parties not to mention me. I skip to the last opening but not really reading them. When I spend twenty minutes drafting a reply I read it in a couple of ways and then choose to delete it. Then I see the repetition of the words “Love Stories.” Love Stories? What’s that? Via a thread , I discover they’ve followed up with Afra Yazden-Blake and signed her on, with Kris ka s head . I’m not usually updating their emails, but I think Penny’s been adding me in when the rest forget s them. I go to all and read Afra’s book will be called “Love Stories” for the Middle East and when it’s announced it is a three-to-four-hundred page book on food with rice and milk s poured in from the Middle East. A synopsis has been drafted: When she was able to visit Iran twelve years ago, alone and severely homesick, she began to cook and bake in her mother’s flat as a way of expressing what she had not yet vocalize. She taught men and women via social media and various community organizations before organizing what she called, “home parties” held at her studio flat. Her dinners began with just three people bimonthly; each guest would bring a dish from each of her meals to share and they would sit, eat, drink, and cook. Her friends invited friends and the number of dishes arriving through her studio’s doors at her dining table was full and people were looking out onto the floor, the living tables were set above the kitchen and beside the table. Afra looked to these dinners because her evenings would leave a light on the things at home and of cities she hadn’t seen. Her “house parties” would have always been too disorganized but she would always have said this sparked feelings of love and friendship. Eventually she began storing her recipes and collecting guest