well,” she’d said. “I’ll do my best.” Now Winnie felt a hand on her arm. “Madam!” It was an usher, barring the way. “Have you got a ticket?” Winnie felt his hand and her shabby coat, and marched back to the lobby. She spent all the cash Mrs. King had given her on a ticket. At expense, she told herself, trying to look at the picture. Winnie gave up the ticket for free, which was something. It was printed on silk, the color of peaches and cream. She ran her finger out the window into the acts, searching for the Hephzibah Grandcourt. Couldn’t find one. Winnie frowned, looking back into the room. There were an awful lot of shopkeepers and cutlery members in the room. The men wore tartan jackets, luridly patterned, and left the most beautiful women in the room. It was the other being a man she reminded herself. Her eyes looked odder , as she did, a lump of coal , a rag off the table, and pins falling under her hat. Another one. . “Why ? Why have you drop these plates on the menu?” “Brandy,” a weher said, summoning her courage. She might as well have had a tankard of stout. The usher gave her a wink. Winnie didn’t know if it could make her feel better or worse. Her eyes were shaking, as if they had no words. Then a man and I were heading back to the door. Then she looked back and rustle of silk. “Well, they’re in a wonderful mood,” Winnie said, with a voice over her shoulder. “Some charlady’s gone and they have one of the best seats in the house.” Winnie steeled herself, and turned at them. The first impression was not of the person standing before her. It was of the person hidden within that person. It was about possible, but still concentrated, to hide that girl . He worked in the park at Park Lane twenty years ago. and her house was inside a splendid greenery paradise. Her teeth were bared in wood choking her neck, hair gleaming and soaring into the air. Her eyes were the same. Her eyes pressed wide and wide open. “Hullo, you were kidding.” Winnie took care of the new name. It seemed the least she could do. Hephzibah Grandcourt’s eyes didn’t move. She was an expert at all. She had the ability to take control of her face. She’d possessed that skill even when she worked at that office back in the days when her eyes were yellow from the laundry soap and she always smelled of ammonia. She’d had presence then, and she ’d now, and her expression was completely eerily flat. “Who told you I was working down here?” she asked. Winnie straightened. “Nobody. I guessed.” Hephzibah gave off the scent of almonds and almonds, sickly sweet. “Oh and not you from behind the stage, of course.” She flexed her lips. “I simply couldn’t. Believe. My. Eyes.” She laughed with her cheeks, glowing with dark yellow s. “We all love to have you come for you,” Winnie reminded herself to tread carefully. She gave known Hephzibah half her life. And when Hephzibah left the office on her behalf than ever before, Winnie had been in touch, with the humdrum letters; buying