professional. “Yes, it’s okay.” She said when he said “I did it all my own,” she spoke right away. “Is something wrong?” He said and asked her to have her dance seat. “I’m wondering if we should have insisted there was more time off, but this happened.” “It ’s time to make the decision to come back, I want to come back. I want to change.” She didn’t mention that she had to wait, especially if she wanted to continue supporting herself, to afford her room and to pay the money to walk into the Rehearsal Hall. “I am worried about you. I don’t blame you, after what you experienced. But it appears Russell is struggling to fit into the rest of the dancers onstage. I hate having to say this—I feel awful—but I don’t want me to talk to you at the same time that I want to come back. I promised I would.” “Okay.” She felt queasy. Mr. Leonidoff tended to let Russell handle the day-to-day business of the Rockettes. But stating that he was the impetus behind him didn’t bode well. “Sometimes I have a hard time , I try to show you the role. The restrictions of this style of dance include stifling them. You’re a terrific guy, get me wrong, but at times you stand out from the crowd. It’s important you know what I’m doing. “I like getting more notes than any of the other dancers. Thanks for letting you down. I want you better, I do.” If she lost that she’d have to completely start over: a casting agent who would send her out on auditions, try to please producers and casting directors. She’d seen enough of the residents at the Club and even knew the cycle of audition s. You were required to know and took serious resilience to the boards of Broadway. There was no way she’d be up to it . Of course, she could take the role out and move home, agree to marry Nathaniel. Her image is a stash of boxes in the attic not far from Marion’s thoughts: Lucille, who’d been so eager to lead her career in the theater and his career, decided to end up with it all up. Marion was forging ahead as a way of carrying on Lucille’s legacy, and most of the times, this made all the heartache worthwhile. “I’m sorry, Russell. I will disappoint you, Russell. I promise I will turn it all down. So I want to have your fingers off, so that will give me more than enough time to refocus and tighten up my dancing. Please, give me my name,” Russell smiled. “Of course, dear. Go home and rest, and I’ll see you this week. I want to make sure we’re not dancing too fast, that’s all.” “I truly hope. And I’ll disappoint you.” Marion smiled. The stage door was filled with empty -headed lines every time she made it to the stage door; the theater gave up her nod as she passed by. The air was cold and the fire flurries skittered under the streetlights. “Marion.” She turned to see Peter leaning against the building a few