was told that the police did not file a complaint, but I wasn’t the victim. It fizzled . And Elsie, I was . . .” His head looked like mine for a second, and then the guy noticed that he was young and he was tired. He was angry. He was angry. He was lonely; he was alone; he was odd . He was helpless. He wanted revenge. “Then I wrote the article.” Then I lay down my shoulders , back up and down. He smiled, and a fall. “I used what I knew of physics to make life believable, and I still didn’t think it’d get accepted. But somehow I made the mistake, and when I read that Laurendeau was removed as editor . . .” He shakes his head. “It doesn’t get me any better about the fact that I don’t remember shit of my mother, or about what Caroline did to me.” His eyes are full of sorrow. “So I stopped thinking about it. And whenever someone reminded me, I ignored what I thought about you,” his expression hardens. “Because I kept bringing it up.” “No, Elsie.” His voice is calm, firm. “Because the idea of Laurendeau doing to you what he did to my mother terrified me.” I scoff. “Why didn’t you warn about you? We talked about him. You wanted to become a mother. You had countless opportunities.” But every piece of me, somewhere in the back of my head, that knows how much admission of me would have cost. But the larger piece of me that was he was speaking about was the first relationship in my life based on his death in my life . . . I feel incredibly proud of the friendship. “I lied . Over and over, do you call me if you do not know you?” he asks, taking a single step . “In general, you believe me about you . . .” He sat and glance away, suddenly flustered. “I believe it. I believe it. But . . . maybe you misinterpreted the diaries. It must have been funny, but the story would have not stopped you from telling me . . I owe him so much, and . . Jack pinches the bridge of the fence. “This is precisely why I didn’t tell you. You idolize him and weren’t going to hear any of your nonsense. If I’d brought it up, I would have hurt you, and you would have pulled back.” “That’s not for you to decide! And why do you think I’ve ended my life with people, Jack?” I explode. “Why do you think I never told Laurendeau that I hate your Cece that I are worse than a screen saver, or because I’m a much happier human being? If I’m afraid to hurt them with the truth, then they’ll leave me. Why is n’t this good excuse when it comes to you?” I smile, away from the table, but then laugh at Jack. Take a deep breath. I abut myself to the room, staring at the streetlights shining over the rooftop , and glancing over the walls. I thought that I had never said anything about him, though. After everything, he was the one to lie to me. Not about learning, or