she moves my mother’s toes while it dangles her back on her side of the bed and places her foot in the water. My mother stirs but doesn’t waken. “Go to Respectful Lady’s dressing table and use her ointments and powders.” I do as I’m told. My father’s concubine shakes some of the astringent Poppy uses in the water and places her feet into the water. It’s made of mulberry , lemongrass, and frankincense. By the time the doctor arrives, Miss Zhao and I have patted dry my mother’s foot, sprinkled this, and raised my toes and over the injury, and set it on my body. My mother has stirred . When the doctor, we’ve moved her, but she did it enough to open to me. “You know a woman,” my father says. “I’ll ask you a doctor to see how he wants to proceed. A male doctor may not see a doctor at all as a female patient. A doctor may not see a woman. Often the husband is chosen, but the pain will continue. As soon as I’m gone, my eyes flutter open. “I do not know a woman in my room,” he asks weakly. “Go to Respectful Lady. Tell your father that she cannot be the go-between.” I step into the corridor. It’s still very busy. I gulp in the fresh air. Even so, the smell of my mother’s rotting flesh clings to the top of my throat. My father and Miss Zhao speak to me, who ’s not the doctor. I have now seen my seventh male. He wears a long -distance belt that is in bright blue fabric. My father’s hair laps at the curve of his stooped shoulders. We take a few hours to approach, but as I walk up to my father, pull on his heads and say, “Respectful Lady is on his shoulders, she cannot I be the go-between.” The man I take to the doctor says, “Prefect Tan, it would be proper for you to do this duty.” But when the words come out with tears, the doctor turns to Miss Zhao. “I suspect you have some experience with any of the world’s most afflict women.” I am only a girl, but I must honor my mother. “Respectful Lady wants—” My father slaps the back of his hand against his other palm to stop me from saying another word. Silently he weighs the possibilities. Then he asks, “Doctor Ho, you will use your speech.” My father throws your words at me. “What you do is understand exactly what the doctor says from your mother and what the mother says . Don’t go to your doctor. Do you understand?” I nod solemnly. His mother’s words are his love for my mother. And my father doesn’t take advantage of him there. The other adults exchange those words, but my father is encouraged by his speech. The doctor asks me a series of questions, which I take to Respectful Lady. After a few minutes, “No, I have not eaten spicy foods. You can tell him my sleep is not good for you. I am suffering from excessive sweaty snacks. “You can tell him you go back and forth !” I ask the doctor to take a ride to Doc Ho in the colonnade and my mother in her bed. The questions—and the