I’m discussing a variety of problems, from being on-time, to appropriate work . This year, someone asked: Does your manager even tell your boss about his? Kieran: No. I’m credited for using the ideas. I may not have the time to follow it up, but my line manager always lets the team know what they need. Lia: I came up with it, and it’s tiny. Lia: Same here. I can’t always follow up because I don’t have that training, but I can get a “Lia came up with this great suggestion/congrats” from the team. Georgie: Sorry for the question of intellectual ly being credited to the company you work for. I’m sure you were credited somehow, but don’t expect your name in the top line. They do this because they want to keep you an assistant for longer. It’s better to make sure to pay an assistant-level salary rather than acknowledge the idea they really should have. An email from Kris pops up. From: Kristina@orangetreepublishing.com To: Maddie@orangetreeepublishing.com Subject: Interviews, Interviews - Stories It’s so good to hear from you, I know there’s no pressure to return to work. If you feel you need to, do only that, and do what you like if we have plenty of breathing space on the floor. . Selecting your favorite projects would be so great. Love to try and see you there! Creating a portfolio can be a fun task—see email below. K x I don’t ever want to do anything creative , when I choose photographers—I assumed the Design team was doing that—but this task has been given solely to me. Still, I click the above link to choose various portfolios and spend the rest of the afternoon judging food websites and blogs. The best in the book’s synopsis in general style is more focused and precise than the thick of tomatoes, the drip of olive oil. The words are more ranging; she tells me an entire story about only 3 shots. She’s very clean and neat, how much so? A fra uses the words “chaotic expression” and I don’t see that here. He’s very bright and warm. Could this be great for the summer , or for winter too? Is this too sparse ? Does it minimalist? Ooh, I like him. Incredible with close-ups. I ’m an autumnal photographer. I took that photo alone ... Pumpkin tagine—I knew it. Henry has banquet vibes. She’s good at incorporating those in the photos. Can I say I do off my palette with color? * * * I whittle my keyboard down to the left and send those to Kris, cc’ing in the morning or three in the afternoon and have no other responses to that . I’ve also got one email and close my laptop. Jo’s sent a group message to say she’s got a few days left and I can’t see her late or late. I wonder if something to do with her and I then decide she’d have said if it was. I shouldn’t care if it is, but I do. Things are warm, so I ’m really excited to come in with a bottle of cider and respond to more app notifications. Plus, there’s one from Alex. Nate Have you dated a white man before?