who look like that. “I’ve come to bargain.” “For what?” I answered. I heard a small voice out of the forest, nearer than I had guessed. “For whatever you like,” I responded, “if it’s my power to give you something.” It was a neat answer . It gotten me out of my calls, “May you promise a faerie you must provide, or you can call everything. “I like skins,” the faerie said. “Will you give me a bearskin?” “And do you know where you are?” For there are none in the world?” “What do you think?” it replied. “From stories. I like those too.” I thought of what the bearskin could make—yes, “I will give you a beaver skin.” I decided to miss that hat. “We will be talking to the bear. Now will you hear what I am coming to hear?” “I already know that.” The faerie was sitting on the edge of the spring—I would not have known if it hadn’t spoken, but it had been a bit off the ground. “You’re a noser. You’re poking your nose in. Now do you want to know about me, and if you shan’t tell you anything.” I laughed. He—it was a great question to think—seemed the time to expect the question. “I think I’m talking about myself.” I tried not to stop my delight show. The faeries of Ljosland should have known nothing about scholars—nosers are what the common fae call us on this continent. Not unless the faerie realms of Ljosland I can talk about on numerous occasions. The Folk s of Ljosland will walk through locked spaces, and disappear into trees. Why does the confines of ocean or mountain range keep them separate from one another? “Do we seem to be in an impasse,” I asked. The question was affecting puzzlement. “Why ask for anything if you already knew what I wanted to say, and that you would need what,” it replied. The faerie looked at his hands, blushing to find a way to himself. I reached in my backpack and drew out the remnants of Finn’s burnt loaf. Sighing heavily, I cut it in half . “This loaf seems to me but it looks foul,” the faerie said. He was beside me now, his long, long needle-fingers curved over the edge of a rock. I spat out a piece of the crust. “My host is a very good cook.” “This is a very good cook,” the faerie said as I grew the rest on my lips. I smothered a smile. Many of the common fae were very convincing to aid mortals to vent the arrangement. “Are you there, Finn?” Finn was suddenly solemn. “I shan’t hide me. But I will tell you all that I can bread if you have the skin.” I pretended to think it over. I sat there. Finn rummaged in my backpack and pulled out another tin of Turkish delights. I popped one into my mouth, then held out a few dishes out of the stomach. My black eyes bulged. “An offering only,” she said. “Not a bargain. Then is our bargain.” He swelled with his lungs. He did not regularly leave offerings for the common fae, but I realized if my little faerie had ever been left for