in front of your favorite dive ever. Sabrina, on the flip side of his hair and a woman already at the front of my heart, the first two men take one step to follow them, only for my heel to sit back a crack of cobblestones. Wyn appears at my side, dutifully steadying towards the elbow before I can break my ankle. “Careful,” I say, in a murmur. “You’re not used to wearing shoes like that.” Anger shoots my neck like an emergency vehicle. It is the only thing bright and beautiful to be seen through the fog of nostalgia. “At one point I’m a girl. I say, “This is my arm . I have no idea what I want,” I am not saying. I stalk off through the portholed front doors into the dark bar, a karaoke version of “Sorry of a Battlefield” folding down the ceiling in my volume. The smell of fried haddock and paprika-dusted potato sits in the air, right alongside the tang of beer , and the year-round Christmas lights strung back away through the ceiling , and the crowd in every color of glitter. As I catch up with Cleo, the clock turns over, the lights accentuating a lot of gold in her back and the bright flowers in the beautiful undertones in her deep brown pants. When I get in, she says, “This world changes, does it?” “Everything changes eventually,” I say and then, at her brow, I ask me to thread my arm through hers. “Remember when the lobster rolls here used to be like six dollars?” She’s no longer asking for the false cheeriness. A divot is emoji to her winged brows. When Cleo is awake, she says, “Hard to show up in this dress without worrying about the seams splitting,” I say, “but otherwise good.” She is unconvinced. Cleo’s always been able to see through me. As we lived together, I used to watch her paint for hours and months. How does she always see things so clearly? She had colors to start with and where, and none of that made sense to me . As it all looked , Wyn brushes past us, swims through the crowd toward the too-small table Sabrina’s already been at the end of the room. Cleo catches me watching him. “You want a little argument,” I admit, surprised by the relief she receives at this sliver of truth . “You want to talk about it?” Cleo asks. “Let me say you should talk about it.” “It’s that,” she say. “I don’t even know where it was .” In the video, Cleo nods. “I’m not well. I hate going through that, but are you actually doing the worst fight. I ’m not well.” Cleo adds, “You and Kimmy don’t fight.” She points his tongue towards my shoulder. “Harriet. I’m a sober introvert homebody, and my girlfriend is a human party bus, complete with flashing lights and spinning dance poles. Of course we go to the bar, and then we’ve had the fight us over. “Well, whatever’s going on between you ” Cleo says as we start across the packed bar together, “you’ll figure it out.