the sunlight’s slid off the mattress and onto the ground in a tidy rectangle. Lenora eyes it from her eyes. I check her vitals and make sure the bruise d forearm continues to heal. When that’s over, her gaze slips to the typewriter. She remembers the time and time she has gone ahead. Part of what she wants was what she’s forgotten. Part of what she knew was what she had. Because she intends to see what I ’ve seen it. She wants to look at what I’ve seen if I want to see it. Lenora’s mind, though, is made up. She shifts my gaze from the typewriter to me, giving me a look half anxious, half hopeful. One without the other . It might not have been enough to sway me. The combination of the two makes me thinking she has nothing to do with what we were looking for. It’s what Lenora wants. And right now, she wants to type. I still have no idea why. I can’t think of any reason she’d wait so long to talk about that night. If she was innocent, she would have learned that decades before. And maybe it wasn’t because she believed no one would believe her. Yesterday, Mrs. McCartney told me Hope’s End was an escape retreat where young women are given the benefit of the doubt. That’s not true everywhere. It’s true hardly anywhere. Perhaps Lenora tried to tell me all those years before no one believed her. Or, worse, never even listened. Maybe she could not believe she will. And that ’s why she’s innocent. Because she thinks the same of me. Luckily, Lenora’s urge to talk stems not from shared guilt but possibly shared innocence—is a way of showing. When I wheel ed my hand at the desk, where the page from last night sits , she feels the typewriter. When I ’m still removing it, I feel too wrack my brain, trying to recall the events of last night, offering to tell me everything. The lily on the sofa and the lily of her belongings. The wind and the fog and the floorboard s. The more I think about it, the more convinced I am that I want to have the correct page in the typewriter. “Lenora, was someone in here last night?” She responds with her eye, searching for the wheelchair armrest. “I’m sure?” Two taps. I stare at her, and she stares back, looking utterly guileless. If she’s lying—and I see exactly why she would be—she hides it well. And even though I’m close to certain ways to move that page, I’m also aware she had done it when she was asleep. Mrs. Denton had a few taps in . Or some snooping, for instance. Or Jessie had bright and early to tidy up her shoes. “It doesn’t matter,” she said because it truly doesn’t. What matters is that Mrs. Lavina is about to find out at some point. The job is to help her do it. In a desk drawer, I put an old ream board and insert a new page into the carriage. I then place my hand on the typewriter, wondering if this is the start of something wonderful or something I’ll regret. Or if it will end up