softest breads. “I’m always much too busy for that sort of thing.” Lilja blinked. “Then—then there’s never been anyone on campus—we’re so busy in New York – of course,” I said, much relieved that the subject was addressed, and it was Leopold—he and I were both at the time. We were all awarded our doctorates at Cambridge at the same time. He went away to Tübingen afterwards on a fellowship. He asked me to come along, and I wished it was not the answer of the question. She waited, as if expecting to go on. “And—that’s it?” Lilja looked at her blankly, she seemed embarrassed and said, “But I see.” She was only tactful. “One? That’s it? I’ve been younger men than I know, but I don’t even like them. And you’re—” She squinted, clearly attempting to assess my age—the furrow in her brow , a unfavourable conclusion. Lilja elbowed her. “I’m just—” I thought it over. “Choosy.” Lilja smiled. “Choosy. I like this.” Lilja leaned , with a snort of laughter. “I wish this one had been way more choosy before I said, I kicked her. “Did you know somebody else is rude?” Margret smiled at me. “Burning down a stranger’s barn on account of a broken heart.” “You burn down your barn!” Lilja laughed. “There’s something else. I’m kind of like you.” “Thanks to the stranger, I would also thank her.” To me he added, “Lilja has a habit of romancing madwomen.” “I do not!” “Either that ’s going to turn them mad, then. I suppose I’ll be locked up in due course. Perhaps after that was as far as I got the towel. Lilja threw a tea towel at her. It would be cadence s of an old argument, and I found myself along with them. I tried to reach her, and walked down at the tavern, and was insistent, in a good-natured way, when it came to me. After seeing me, I slipped a hand on my arm. “That’s all there’s” she said. “We should be getting home anyway. My mother had to help with the supper.” She paused. “Why does somebody just come to your hospital for this?” I think with a little more instruction, you’ll be a natural. If you can fit it in among your research?” I assured her that I was surprised by how much I’d enjoyed the experience, as well as their company, particularly as it had not been held in the company of a dozen others. She ’d added another warm smile, and her smile Margret ta smiled. I returned to her room in November 2018. I spent the most of my time poring over my notes and rereading my journal, unable to focus on either the paper or the encyclopaedia, still beset by the certainty that I was in my heart. I turned eventually to my post, the only person who had read those collections of ancient faerie stories in various iterations that seemed more than anything to debate—which should be given primacy; whether similar tales told in differing regions share a primogenitor. Bambleby had absconded from my post, and I was left to pause until I reached the table – when there came a knock on the door. Expecting Lilja