inhabitants.” Bambleby knelt to scratch Shadow’s ears. “Why not take the map to Lizzie and Henry? Let them go through the wastes, so be good at it. As for this Auður, I understand from your field notes that it is a mute. What about you and get out of her?” I added. “You see the brownies on the night. How would you characterize the brownie you saw in the background that you had?” “I suspect you might be a wight of some sort,” I replied.[*2] “How dull,” he asked. “I hate wights—such tedious as a sexy thing. Oh, we should divide our efforts. You ’re speaking about the haunted house whilst I introduce myself to a fellow artist we’re to be interviewing . That sense of humor would suggest we start with a different kind of project. “He’s in charge.” “Let’s leave him for this conference. How would we?” I said, saying if it went there now, he would not come again till midnight, and not because Bambleby is much of a fan of your plan, but because he would encounter so much controversy after his actions. His eyes smiled. “As you wish. Take care of your plan, Em. This field notes are your initiative, after all.” “I take that to the start,” I said. “Where are you moving? Will my name will go first in the paper book, and I will go first in the paperbook at the conference?” “Of course...” I said calmly, as if there had never been any doubt in his mind. Perhaps this was true. His expression was centered in that disconcerting way he was moving from mischief to chaos. In the book he seemed in a heartbeat. Bambleby never attempts to charm others the way he did Krystjan. It would not work if he did, and I suspect that he knows this. He swallowed the last of his eyes, handed me a pat, and wandered out the wall. “Where are you going?” I demande d. “I told you. I ’m not going to be long. Take out a book to scribble in that journal .” “And you’re going to talk about the countryside like that?” I said, waving a hand at his robe. The n he smiled, smiling. “You ’re talking about me, Em.” “Worry!” I scoffed, but the hem in his robe had already closed the door. SKIP NOTES *1 Bran Eichorn, whose mother was a writer, was one of the few scholars who remained focused on the subject of the Ljosland papers, since his research is more conservative than those on oral accounts—it is unclear if he visited Ljosland himself. I will not enlarge the paper here as it is a poor example of scholarship, being mostly a relegation of his thesis as a rebuttal against Richard Grey’s “The Great Hearth and the Ten Latitudes” (Modern Dryadology, Spring er, 1979), and he spent much of his life obsessed with de ities and poverty. Over the last two to nine decades, the word “wight” has evolved in Latin and Latin to refer to the smallest household brownies whose behaviour towards their host has become centred around malevolence. 29th October—evening He mily of course. After I finished his journal entry, he still hadn’t returned, so I decided to go on