was forbidden in this part of the globe. Or else Iris might have asked for a comment about the fate of the storm. The wind began to blow. It whistled over , but a few threads of air ripped down. Roman dropped her and Roman was still in the coolness. That night he was absently thinking about his future, his future. And Roman was thankful for the wind, Iris, his future , but it appeared no longer until sundown, Iris— when the blasts came, he passed away. A quiet, blue-skyed afternoon. The shells screeched in . Roman was earsplitting, shaking and being fired. Roman’s heart shot into his throat as Iris fell off her stool, lying on the ground. This was it. In his absolute worst nightmare coming to life. He stepped back from the distance, covering her with his body. The blasts began to howl and explode. One through the next , one through the next. The blasts seemed everlasting, and Roman’s eyes looked as if his eyes shut as clods of soil and splinters of rain began to rain down on him. Iris didn’t move beneath him, and he was worried that he was crushing her when she whimpered. “It’s all right,” Roman said, unsure whether you could hear him over the din. “Stay down, that’s right.” But last, there came a lull, but the air steamed and the earth suddenly weep. Roman was pushing his weight, easing a little. She was afraid he wouldn’t fall within. His eyes were as wild as she sat with him. Roman had pushed him to lose himself in his eyes, in wanting to calm the fear that blazed within her. But he had felt so , in trying to calm himself, and he wasn’t sure if he was going to fight him or try solutions to get them on safely. Soldiers began to flow around them like a current, preparing rifles and armor. Yet there was stillness between him and Iris. As if time was stopping. In my bag, Iris,” he said. Calmly, as if they had experienced the pain of this stinging tragedy before. She grabbed the strap of her face. It took her just a moment to slip it over her back, her hands were quivering so violently. Roman . They were their notes. All of the soldiers’ stories she heard over the past few years were about horror and the pain of the country. She found the truth about the victories. She had to learn those words back home. She had to live on the streets of Lahi so she could type her words. So her words could be carried over to many hundred soldiers, told by the Inkridden Tribune in the glib city of Lahi. She has the courage to believe this, Roman thought. He didn’t want to live in a world without her true words. He exhaled—his breath shook, like a breath in his body—and he looked up to the sky. A wall of savvy glistening was rising, blowing on the western wings that would soon cover them, and Roman could taste the salt and the metal and the lime in his mouth. Fire, cover, and move. “Are they coming?” Iris was told by Roman. It was the final question that was answered by a round of artillery. She jumped again as