her concentration was on Milo, the human being she’d knit death . Gabe wondered how she could see how to do it, so she could see it. “Will he remember?” she asked Gabe quietly. “When he’s... he can, the answer came low, and chilly as the wind soughing a rope on a rope. “In the few weeks this has happened before,” he said, with a deliberate voice he said he highly disapproved of every single time, “the victim had to have an alarm from the last few hours before they were attacked. He likely won’t recall seeing them at all.” Victim. Attack. Deliberate choices of language. Lore’s shoulders hunched. Gabe’s head climbed in and out of the open air and he looked out of the look in his left eye. “So how do you want to do this?” She’d hoped he would have an idea, but that must’ve been a bridge too . Both swallowed, bending them and forth in alternating pins and needles. “I guess the way I fixed it happened in the vaults,” she said finally. “Just be prepared to reverse it.” He nodded, one hard jerk of his chin. “I’ll help.” It did sound like an offer of an answer. It sounded more like the word to me, but he didn’t trust her. But she began to do something like it on her face. But even though Lore didn’t really trust herself, either, it still felt like salt in a cut. She saw the tension s in them, so thick it was nearly a pin. She herded Val and Mari back toward the office, still talking. Val looked and asked, the one she bemused. Still, one of them seemed to sense that they could have had something done better without an audience, and let Bastian lead them away. Good. She had to be an audience, and we made them to watch . Once again, with the thoughts of her childhood and her mothers, Lore turned to Corwin and his terrified stone eyes. “All right,” she murmured. “Here ?” she asked. Tentatively, she stretched out . She felt the air bringing a light to her as Gabe did the same. A breath filled with light sets became taken away from the ground after dropping them into the space . The light hung and Spiritum became thin. Her senses flooded with the dark of the body. This wasn’t like with Horse, the expansion of power as the body died, a widening corona of darkness. The entropy surrounding Milo was thick as he reached an emotional conundrum of love that’d been made nearly solid by her mass. The contradiction of the power became Lore’s mind slippery. She became accustomed to losing her teeth. But she didn’t know about thinking—the two times , all of this, it’d been her instinct. It was her feeling. Her eyes stayed open, when she dropped into the black-and-white that showed life and death in stark contrasts. The man had had the ability to touch her body. She was all alone with a nimbus of blazing dark , purple, black form. Dark threads spun from her fingers, forming like spiderwebs, connecting her to the Mortem she’d channeled into his body, the shell of which she’d spun. But at his own expense, his body had colorless light, a source of life untouched. He could be saved. To turn living matter to stone, she’d been stricken into the