embarrassed me , and “they were the family.” Their attitude is disappointing, and it reminds me of the case of a servant girl found hanging that Meiling once told me about. That family also helps protect its reputation and avoid scandal, only to make the situation worse in the end. Each day, Poppy helps me dress. While walking it does not apply my hair and applies my water and hair, I’m hoping it will invigorate me. Despite these , this person who worked back home in the home always has a smile and a smile about her vigor. With so much going on in the household, I rarely get an opinion. I don’t ask to see a Doctor Wong either. I sigh with her to rise. I have one last task to complete before I can leave the house. I change my clothes and hope it will be done during the course of the inquest. At least , I have to walk. Everyone has gathered in the colonnade of the fourth courtyard, so we are surrounded by the women where the death occurred, as is the custom. The men sit together on the left side of the aisle. The three most important men in the household are together in the house. He took my husband to Master Yang’s room, and I was Second Uncle to the right. I ’ve seen the three of them side by side before, and it strikes me how strong Yang blood brings them with their feet and identical heights, not even the fall of their hair. I also see Doctor Wong for the first time. He’s not at all as I’d imagined. He’s younger—in addition, with high -energy skin, perfectly formed brows that draw attention on his face to his brow, to his clean-shaven, her husband, and a smile—not abruptly but elegantly. I’m on the right side of the aisle with my family and a few other young women who rushed to the courtyard in response to screams. I ’m just reading for a question. Shi, a female of this generation, is not in attendance, although I expected her to be here as part of her apprenticeship. Spinster Aunt lies on a sheet of muslin sitting on a large sheet of muslin. From the above photo I can see the white orchids that beckoned me three nights ago. A man sits at a table at the corner with his arms as he approaches his hand. He wears a long robe bearing the embroidered insignia of his head and a black cap rises high on his head with two wings extending over his ears. A sparse beard covers his chin with two long chunks of hair like a serpent’s hand reaching down from him. He laughs by introducing his robe to the ceiling. “I am Magistrate Fu. I am the sole investigator. I can make an arrest. I also serve as the judge and can pronounce criminal prosecution if wrongdoing is found.” He pauses to regard us. Then he continues, speaking deliberately. “I am Judge and I will order every one of the most accepted methods I can be used to assure it—beating with ankle and ankle squeezers for the finger and for women—if there is so much trouble,” he said. Those who lie or are arrested will