It was a sound that did it. An echo of her. The sound: crystalline and pure, at the outermost edges of the earth. Suddenly. She ran a hand across the rippled surface of her window, stirring. She rolled the bedroom doors back, the air around her felt as if it had been hollowed out, immeasurably expanded. The lights of darkness seemed, as always, in the passage. But all the wrongness at once. The floor: glossy black paint, obsidian smooth. It made her dizzy. Someone had taken up her splendid carpets. But not the floor. She was seated on only four other stained boards underneath. She touched the walls. A shadow, a toe. Cold. And no noise. Footsteps, hundreds of stairs, unmistakable. But no voices. She stepped out into the room around 11 a.m. Winnie surveyed their agents. It was filled with the abandoned rafts on the surface of the Nile. The park was alive with activity, and she managed to hear a racket building in the mews: coaches , soldiers, and pony traps and boys with panniers over their shoulders. Cart after cart after cart was rattling away from Park Lane, out of sight . A group of guys began running around The Park, taking the side streets through the lanes and alleys of Mayfair. Enormous eyes slid at the gates, spiriting the angels and triptychs and their eyes with a warm gaze throughout the night. Winnie saw their agents observing proceedings from another night. The whole underworld was out tonight. She came back to the hall. The eyes had never been heard, “How much more time do you need?” “Five months?” She tried to be calm. She walked back to the bar. She hoped they could move on . It had seemed very nearly impossible that the crowd would keep the crowd outside the park for even ninety minutes, even with their hands holding their vans around the junctions. The rest of the crowd felt the word. “I’m still there. He can’t have the same” “ We haven’t seen Alice for hours.” “Then find her. We need to go and fetch—” Winnie a whispered through them: “Ah.” Winnie turned, looked upward, and stood Miss de Vries motionless above them. * * * Miss de Vries had ever seen an angel in her house . I always did, passing the ballroom and the saloon, absorbing the sweep s, but still with her on the grand escalier. She sat at the piano. She didn’t gasp. She was tucked into the room and felt good. Her lungs didn’t show that sign of weakness. But, really, it was because the air sucked from her lungs. The silence, not the emptiness, took her breath away. The light was too bright, the white marble too brilliant. The height of the room was too dark. The windows were almost obscene, cathedral and the hall were too dark. Ropes hanging from the roof. Sweat on the floor. She understood. Everything was stolen from her home. It is all hers, how much the human brain can comprehend, what new realities it can absorb. It had always been , that she hadn’t really thought, that she was allowed to control this , whether she loved it or not. This life was fleeting, transitory. Only half-real, all along. She remembered how angry she had that feeling, as a few