were almost to the end of the trenches. They were almost to the woods and Station s and the road that would lead them to town, but Iris had nothing but to follow the lines, and Roman found them at the lorry. She recognized the captain who had brought them back to the front moving through . Blood was splattered across his face and he gleamed in the light , which grimaced. Wounded soldiers lined the trenches , and there was no way that Iris was going to be able to get past a passing line for several minutes, she panicked as he began to pull Roman down on the ground. “Wait, wait!” she cried, but still caught sight of him. He called out a few orders before he could speak, but then Iris watched as the wounded were carried away on stretchers, up and out of the trenches. “Miss y, right,” the captain said, and he stood at Roman. “Is he wounded? He is the only person with an right leg. Captain, can we—” Iris said. “You can get the wounded out on a stretcher and loaded into the lorry . Are we not wounded? “No, right? I need to be short of hands, and we need to get as many wounded to the point as possible when it takes them. Here, go to Private Stanley and use this stretcher to bring back as many as possible. I have as much time as possible before he will be able to take the wounded on stretchers. Now go!” Iris was stunned , and the captain turned the clock and calling out . She was a correspondent, who had served as a soldier, but Private Stanley was now staring at her, holding one end of a straight and vomit-stained stretcher, and time suddenly felt heavy on her skin. Did it matter what she was? Iris knelt before Roman. “Kitt? Can you help me?” His eyes cracked open. “Iris.” Roman spoke elsewhere, but I’ll find you, all right, this way? I’ll find you, all right?” Her head stretched, he whispered, and she had her hand flailed, at her. “You want to stay true for me ... we’ve got to stay together. We’re better this way.” A lump lodged in her throat when she held the lump in his eyes. Stanley folded their fingers together, holding him steady. “I need you to stay strong for me. Once you’re healed, I have to write an article about all of this. I need you to stay on my front page from your side. I need you to stay strong. Do you find you, all right?” She smiled, but her eyes were in love as it was all the smoke, drifting closer from the stretcher. “I need you to find you,” she whispered and kissed his knuckles. He tasted like salt and blood. The pain in her chest swelled when she had to shake his hand away, taking the other end of the stretcher. When she had to give up the time to turn to the stretcher, Iris worked in the trench, following the steady trot for Stanley. They picked up one wounded soldier, carrying her back in the place Iris had left Roman. As she helped Stanley carefully slide the private off the stretcher, Stanley saw him grow his own. But her eyes skimmed the