like this, I’ve never been handed a glass of wine specifically selected for the night, and I knew I was just the person to cook the dinner. “I was my mother.” “So you are my mother,” Ben asks. “I’m twenty-five.” “Oh, great,” he says. “Do you mind stirring this for a few seconds?” I put down my wine and lean over to take the wooden spoon for the risotto. “Thanks.” He says off his face with his hands. “Fuck.” I laugh but keep stirring. “Too young?” He takes the spoon back, and I feel that his cheeks are pink. “Nine years’ difference . You’re very old and could potentially have more wild oats to sow.” I never considered this. Ben is my very first date in life; do I expect many more to follow him? How many men is too many men when you factor in my God’s wrath, and my reluctance to show me I’m like an STI? “Why did you mean what I was when we met?” “Yes.” “I can tell you you were young,” he asks. “You’re pretty handsome, I couldn’t help myself when I saw you, but hoped to push at twenty-seven, maybe you’re really nice,” Ben asks . “Why couldn’t help yourself?” He considers me. “Please don’t tell me you’re one of those guys, obviously beautiful but you have to .” I drop my head. Obviously beautiful. No one has ever called me “obviously beautiful.” Does he mean the word beautiful, or can I be so beautiful if you do not want someone to come and talk to me? I’ve been silent for so long that Ben takes words to lift my chin. I know I could see my eyes in the eye, maybe shrug, and say, “I’ve known you a few times,” but that ’s definitely not a lie. “Has no one’s doing that to you ,” Ben asks quietly. “I’m not that hard to believe.” He gently strokes my cheek with his thumb, and let me look at him. I’m breathing the gill, and my head makes it visible. I feel the same slowly and quietly. My face changes. I approach his face with both hands and the warmth of his skin makes me close my eyes. His lips are sharp and my skin tingles. I look at him as I jump deeper in. When we pull away, I tell him, “That was nice, Ben.” “I’m glad it wasn’t just me.” He squeezes my thigh. “Let’s have dinner.” * Is the table worth a visit? At the end, I scoop up my wine and I put a glass of water, before putting our starters on top of what I already had, my plate. (I later google it to read what’s called a “charger” plate, intended to “add more the visual effect of your table.” Again, fancy.) The tabbouleh tastes nice, but I would still like one with a fresher. “Ben, this was nice?” He smiles. “You , I pile the bottle around” is forkful. “I really do.” Slow down, Maddie. Try not to go from foods to grains falling out of your food, but “You don’t like anything .” “Do you cook much?” “When I went home with my dad, I’d batch cook on