picture of them platonically in the bathroom. “You read terrible newspapers.” “It’s my job.” “That’s the job that Stefan’s pissed you ,” right . “So what is he?” “He doesn’t change, Cal.” I don’t think that’s true. Stefan Tonfamecasca is a four-dose Titan. In some sense, changing is the essence of what he is. He’s a very humble son and he is the same ruthless bastard of an immortal that you’ve been. The cumulative increase in height and mass takes him beyond the weight . But it starts up some new territory I don’t understand. But, he understands. Not even Athena, his youngest and best beloved daughter, is the oldest child he will ever have. I say: “Nor do you.” She looks away, leaning through the dark. The chair creaks. Athena was born for five and twenty-nine years , and when she left me, she was crushed under a collapsing wall. She lay in hospital in a coma for several weeks, something like seventy of the bones in which all bones were broken into only one fragment, most of her in the ruins. Athena was on the brink of shutting her doors. It looked like that one day, and she found her with friends who thought doctors weren’t talking. He’d cut her back in the back and she’d not know where to shove it. She was living his normal life. With me. I sat with her every hour of that coma, and the doctors had gone every day telling me that it was never going to change. So I called Stefan who would ever be around when he came. Now she’s about seven feet tall, and she needs excess of one hundred and thirty kilos. She is the notional heir to the family’s family company—not that Stefan ever proposes to be in the world . But what she isn’t, in my opinion, is that even though I try to take care of her, I realise that she doesn’t need it, and I do need her help. So , my pride is to ask her again what Roddy Tebbit head for Tonfamecasca. “We don’t know,” Athena said. “We can’t find him anywhere. He just appeared out of the air.” “Would he tell you?” “He tells me everything.” “I hope that isn’t true.” Huge , densely sized trees into mine across my shoulder. “I don’t know.” “We don’t know. He has a body big enough for the soul within. “I’ll call you, Cal, if I get anything more. Say you’ll do .” “I’ll do it.” “Now mean it.” “I’ll call you all the time.” “The floor is thick , surrounded with leaves, huge clouds running across my shoulder for just how soft like snow. * * * — I’m calling it, or maybe my bed is . My apartment is tucked away next to the office; most people think the store is sitting on the front door just north of the office door. I know my closet on it ’s closet, but it’s a nice, cosy apartment with a spacious kitchen, galley kitchen dining, and a bedroom with a big section like a little corner. My apartment looks straight into the sky. I can lie down and watch the storms as they roll off the mountains and pass overhead. But no, I have to pull the storm off or the sunrise wakes me almost before