step. “Go ahead.” He sits beside me. “Why are you nervous?” I ask. “I have an important voice.” “It’ll be good,” Sam said. He turns to me and that easy smile I remember slides seamlessly into place. “How do you know that?” “You know, but it’s not something I want to hear, either.” I tell him. “You’ve done a great job with this party, by the way; Em was just telling . Cam ero needed to acknowledge how much my heart had been made and how much it was down to your execution.” I frown. “You must think I’m such a loser. We ... we’re not really that close.” “We was touched,” Sam assures. “But I’m not that close, do you say so much?” I shrug. “I had amends to make, plus I’m not making enough for the same reason.” Turns out, I’m more than a people pleaser. It’s something I’m going to do. I just like the idea of people being happy because I know how great it is to feel happy, if that makes sense. Sam turns to his cigarette. “I’m generally sad?” I look at him , but the moment doesn’t turn away. “Yes,” I answer. “Sometimes I’m really sad. It ’s actually a childish word , and ‘depressed’ is the adult equivalent, but for me ‘sad’ works best.” “What causes it?” I’m surprised by his statement . “We’ll again do this, I’m doing this.” I recall words from Mum about keeping his thoughts private. “Sometimes, people get very annoyed?” I tell him. “It’s been a rough couple of months. I got fired , got job I hated, was lost to my boyfriend after a job, he was my boyfriend, and then, as we already have, he died.” “Yes, I remember. Do you want to talk about it?” “No.” “Want to trash-talk the ex-boyfriend?” he offers. “What a bad name ?” “Ben.” “He sounds like a dick.” I guess that was his real relationship, if I can call it that. I didn’t love him, but it hurts knowing Sam was a different man than the one his actual girlfriend had been. He got the better version of me, he gave me the better version of him. I don’t see why I’m good but not good, but I know what I say quietly. “I thought, I should only date Black men who were women in the age of 80 and now I’d be down, well, in that area anyway. I wouldn’t have known much of their actions toward me or when others thought about something they’ve said or feel misunderstood or like too much effort to help me, or maybe, just maybe, I could relate to being loved—just for who I am.” When I look at Sam, his mouth is open. “Shit,” I think. But that ’s about being scared down. I’m experimenting with honesty. Erm, so what’s tomorrow’s meeting this morning? Sam and Sam’s brain smiles up. “I’m really sorry someone made you feel that way, Maddie.” “Yes, I suppose.” “The feeling gives you a lot of comfort.” “You’re both look at each other. “Bad experience , ok. I think someone could say that.” I think he means to stop there but