were prepared to return early. The town that likes to reserve for civilian towns is a railroad, I’m afraid.” Iris couldn’t even shiver. Lark noticed, and his voice mellowed. “Now then, the trenches soon divide in the trenches, but you’ll trail my direction. When you get to a stop, you may need to find a place to rest for the night. I’ll ensure that you get, and I want you to move to the village. Of course, keep quiet and stay calm and alert. Those are no bad news. Should we be bombarded and Dacre’s forces overtake Dacre, I want the two of you to retreat to the town instantly. You may be deemed ‘neutral’ in this conflict, but I wouldn’t put it past the enemy to kill you by sight.” Iris thought she murmured his agreement. She followed Lieutenant Lark’s Sycamore Platoon down into the Roman tastier bridge and approached her. So close, she could hear his voice, the truth in the way he seemed, as if he were constantly struggling to conceal it. A few times, he inadvertently stepped on to the bridge, edging herself into the jarring trenches, as he whispered with a fleeting touch to her . all right, she wanted to hear the words caught in her throat. She didn’t really know what she had expected, but the trenches were well -positioned. The wood planks laid in the ground to ward off mud. It was wide enough for two people to walk shoulder to shoulder comfortably. Sticks were woven along the walls, which led to the path of a snake. Winding left and then right, and then a slew of sticks began to clear the two shivers, splitting yet again. She passed along, where the cannons sat in muddy grass , and one was walking a few beasts. A few low points had piled up, to provide additional coverage, and the deeper she went into the channels, the more she began to see the bunkers Lark had mentioned. They were at the tops of the earth, with dark, open doorways. There was nothing to do with them, almost as long as a man would stand in the frozen maws, waiting to swallow soldiers, and in the morning, she began a rescue but she didn’t have to shelter in one. Cool air touched her face, she smelled of dank soil with a slight rot from the heat. A few times, Iris caught the stench of refuse and piss, all threaded with cigarette smoke. She imagined hearing the scurrying light from the rat or two, but perhaps the shadows were teasing . Her shoulders sagged in relief when the Platoon came to a halt Monday night, in a stretch of the sky that was relatively dry and clean. Lark had taken her go from her shoulders, sat a spot beneath a small, hanging lantern. Lark smiled against her, sitting across the path from her, the legs crossed. Lark came by to check on them just as the stars had seen him move through the sky overhead. He smiled with a cigarette clamped on her teeth, settling down not too far from them, just within Iris’s sight. The other half almost reached her mouth, as she was