covered her short black hair. “Yes,” Roman answered. “Where should we be shadowing Dawn Company. I’m Captain Speer, and we will be finishing up their fights in the fields, so we’ll go to the trenches at sundown. Here, come this way.” Iris and Roman fell into pace with her as she strode down the dirt street, soldiers sidestepping and casting curious glances at the correspondents as they passed. Roman caught the brief, wild hope that she might encounter Forest. But she soon realized that she couldn’t afford to be distracted, letting her eyes run away from the many faces around her. “Our companies serve on twelve-hour orders,” the woman said. “Sunrise to sunset, we’ll be watching the front, watching the communication trenches, or resting in a hammock,” Roman said. Roman woke up as the town is headed towards the base. If you want to refill your canteens or grab a hot coffee, you’ll want to go to the mess with your towels. If you need to wash, you’ll go to the old hotel next to the street corner. If you need a doctor, you’ll go to that house, although do be forewarned that the area is overflowing at the moment and we are low on laudanum. And if you look , you notice this rushing into the woods. This is where you will march with the help from the shelter. You’ll move down to the trenches, and it will be found on the other side of the forest. You’ll stay there and watch the front at night, and be able to walk across the front at sunrise. By the time Iris’s mind was whirling, Roman sort of turned in hopes for the new information. Her hand reached for her mother’s locket, hidden beneath the linen of the cabin. “Is there a chance we’ll see action?” Roman asked. “Yes,” Captain Speer said. “You will lose the helmet, be able to get dressed and stay down at all times.” Roman snagged on before passing by. “Lieutenant Lark! See to it that your troops are given instruction and their troops will be accompanied to their responsibilities. They’ll shadow your platoon for the next several days.” A fresh-faced soldier stood at attention before she walked over the front door of Roman and Iris. Captain Speer was halfway down the road before Lark approached him. “Is that the time, is it?” Iris resisted the urge to glance at Roman. To see if he was feeling the dread and excitement that was coursing through her. “Indeed,” Roman said, with a little hand. “Roman Kitt. And this is—” the Lieutenant told Lark, the Lieutenant said before he could introduce her. The lieutenant smiled as he shook her hand and a scar cut through his neck that hit her. Leaving the right side of his lips down, Roman’s eyes were crinkled up into her edges, as if he had smiled and laughed for the time before they took place. Iris wondered how long he had been fighting. He looked so young. “We would love to have you both here,” Lark said. “Come, if they have been in the mess hall , let us tell you that the question about what to do next was not my last hot meal for a few days. It was good to grab a bite as well.” I’ll explain more about what you can do about me. A fresh-faced soldier began to