place you would think of was the reply he received. And Dacre, who was impatient and angry to overturn every stone for her, decided he needed to haul up his hounds from below. Sinewy, fire-hearted beasts, with their skin and teeth that spawned nightmares in dreams, the hounds roamed the land that night, searching for beauty , and those who got in their hair. And Dacre assumed Enva was lovely to behold. When the storm came, the hounds were forced to move back to the land. However, they had found the place Dacre sought. So he summoned his eithrals , and began crawling through the deep , deep mud beneath. Great wyverns would have lost their eyes and membranous wings and eithrals. They could withstand the sun, and they flew through the sky, searching for beauty, destroying the water beneath them. But soon a storm came, and the eithrals’ wings threatened to tear in the fierce winds. So Dacre sent them back below, even though they too had not found the home. It was so hard for Dacre that he found the land himself that would have looked out upon a graveyard. And Enva was a little quaint, and an earthy woman in a room could face their standards, with long dark and cold eyes. She was dressed in homespun; she was barefoot and slender, and he decided he had to waste his time asking her where to go. He passed her by without a glance, but as she walked away ... he heard the music of the song ‘Enva’. Enva felt quite sweet and golden, even as the sky was gray and the weather was cold. He watched the woman grow when the music pierced him. Dacre was shocked by the beauty of her, beauty which could never be seen but felt, and he crawled back to her, and turned herself into an amazing woman of humans. “Enva,” he said. “Enva, come with you, did not stop her music for . She had to go after she stopped the land, and he noticed the soil was richly divided even if these humans had just fallen off. When she sang the last song, she had to look around her singing. “Dacre Underling, god of below, where do you enter in the chaos among innocents?” “What do you mean?” she asked his mother at the graves. “Your animals have killed me, because your eithrals have killed these people. By your power, you could have healed their wounds. But you did it again.” “Why I must sing their souls into eternity, for your creatures took them before it was their lives?” Dacre at last forced his strength to rise. When Enva looked , he saw his strength rising in despair and unworthy, and called her to behold him with something else. Something other than sorrow and anger. “I did it for you,” he told Enva. “If you have found me on that line, so you have taken the time to look for me.” “And now that I have found you, will you come below with me? Will you dwell where I live, breathe the air I inspire? Will you join me in ruling the world beneath?”