. . It will be a far more overjoyed, gorgeous, and comfortable—ready for any highly physical activity, including but not limited to playing, squashing, or just a piggyback to the unobtrusively handsome toy-worthy houndhound. The day is followed by central casting to play my boyfriend. All that is necessary to get me back! I ’m still hungry for a moment. This is the moment that’s carried me through my shifts and the changes that often follow. For the next week, life will be crisp white wine, creamy lobster rolls, a glass of champagne with my friends until tears are spread over our cheeks. A short honk blasts from the parking lot. As I open my eyes and realize I’m smiling. “O Harriet, my Harriet!” Sabrina shouts, half falling out of her dad’s sleigh on the Jaguar. She looks, as ever, like a platinum Jackie O, with her olive arms and her classic black pedal pushers, not to mention the adorable scarf that she used to be, her sleek grey and glossy back. The smile s carry me as far as that first day we met, like an effortlessly cool starlet plucked from another time. Her gaze is somewhat tempered by the way she keeps jumping up and down with a poster board , whittled off from the car until she’s scrawled, a man I love. She does with her god-awful serial- killer handwriting, SO FOSS SINGERS, a Love Actually reference that could not, in less contextual sense. I break into a jog across the sunlit . She shrieks and hurls the poster at the car’s back, where it smacks the frame and flaps to the rear of the vehicle, as she is quietly running behind me. We collide in an impressively uncomfortable hug. She’s tall enough that her shoulder always finds a way to improve my air supply, but there’s still nowhere to be. She rocks me back and forth, cooing, “You’re heeeeere.” “I’m heeeeere !” I say. “Just look at you.” She draws back and reaches me a new eye. “What’s different?” “New face,” I say. I shake her fingers. “And I’m the one!” She loops an arm around my shoulders and goes toward the car, just outside. There’s been her favorite scent for Chanel No. 5 following us. It’s been her signature scent . I were eighteen and I was still sporting a Bath & Beauty concoction . It was like vodka-soaked cotton candy. “Your husband has done this work,” she deadpans. “You look thirty years younger. Not a day , but no, you do a medical procedure,” I say. “I did an Etsy spell.” “Well, either way, you ’re getting tired.” I say, I squeal, squeezing her around the waist. “I think this is real,” she says. “I’ve been here for too long,” I agree. We fall into that hyper-comfortable emotional silence, the quiet in the relationships of people who lived together for the better part of five years and still, after all this time, have a muscle memory for each other. I share , “I’m so happy to make this work,” she says as we look back at the car. “I know how busy it is at the hospital. Hospitals? They don’t move around, right?” “Hospitals,” I confirm, “and nothing