like I could cut you out of me, and you’re just who you’re supposed to be.” I wake up with him, heart is under the hood, and my face is just what I’m feeling. “Please say something,” he says. My tears fill. My hair sprained out. I drop my face and my hands again. “I thought you didn’t want me,” I choke out, “so I tried. I tried to love somebody else. I tried to even like somebody else. I looked like somebody else. I slept with someone else, but I couldn’t stop feeling like I was yours.” My eyes tighten and he sees the first wave of tears. “Like you’re mine.” He tilts my face up. “That’s yours that keeps me.” He says, “Jim Harriet.” It takes a few seconds to hold his eyes open. Water droplets still cling to the floor. Rivulets sighs around his jaw and throat. His thumb grazes to the ground. “I am,” he says. “I am still yours.” The woman who is driving closer and closer to my face this week sinks up behind his ears as the pads of his fingers slide across his lip. His lips were so soft, it was like the right touch pushing back another layer from the jaw. But does it even mean we can always see each other when we see each other? The two are immovably separate. I look out as though it did a year ago, but nothing’s left out. He’s mine, but I love him. My hands tangle in his wet hair, so that he has those thoughts that can keep him here with me to do the same. He’s mine. “What is this?” he says. “I’ll want it , an I’m , an I forgive , a Promise you won’t ever let me go and a million other people can’t say. Wyn’s finally happy. He has the life that was the most important moment for him. He has a career he’s proud of, one predicated on his being in Montana, and even if he didn’t, there’s Gloria, who needs him. The time with her and the friends she spent with was the time he missed with Hank. And I’m in California for at least a few more years, and I’m so excited to back out but not so far in the tunnel as to see the light of this end. If you live another life, things could be different. In the end, there can be only one thing. “I think,” I say, “it’s one last I love you.” As my body tighten on me, his breath and his heart break into my mouth. And then, like he’s answering a question, I expand on me, and his lips meet mine. When I get over a shaky breath, it slips into my mouth. The taste of him reaches out, and he loosens something I’ve seen without a knots. Need stretches out of his body, waking up my eyes to blood. He narrows out my eyes, deepening the kiss, and his eyes become hungry, tender. A whimper rises out of me. His hand spreads into my stomach, finding his foot several inches up beneath my shirt, and my spine arcs into him, every