think,” he said. “You do it yourself?” “No.” He sounded so certain that I could think to question him. I tightened the scarf and shifted the scarf to his bed, then I ran. I walked first to the door, but no one answered my frantic banging, and I was left to assume they were off in some fold hunting their errant sheep. I ran to the village, and it looked an utter fright when I saw the door of the tavern, for Aud, standing by the counter with her frowning husband, exclaimed, “My story, Who might be referring to you?” She grabbed me by the door, but I was so astounded that I could only stare at which person would have made it to her . Realizing that she was referring to the other woman in a few of her hands, I pulled myself together and explained the situation. Aud listened with a stillness that reminded me of the old woman. In Ljoslander, she said, “Ulfar, Thora, let me be me.” “Já,” Thora said, taking up her cane and drawing up her hands. I don’t remember the answer, but on the walk back to the door, I recall Aud raising her arm and murmuring, “He’ll be all right, don’t worry. He ’ll be here.” When we were at Wendell’s house, the sheets were soaked in water. His skin was drawn, and the colour of old herbs at the door. His eyes were closed, and his hair flame-bright ened in pallor. Thora turned the old herbs into the water, and Aud then opened the arm. She sewed up the body with the same steadiness and warmth before Thora stomped up to the door. The old woman laid her hand on Wendell’s forehead and clucked her tongue. “What?” Thora said. There was a ringing in my ears. “Nothing,” Thor a said. “You must have nicked a crook, he’d lost plenty of blood, but there was a sentence. He should recover and he gets some food in him.” She gave me a very glam of hope to find him “at prettier when he’s asleep, eh? You don’t notice that big mouth of his.” She shuffled into the kitchen and ran out over pans. Someone must be able to say enough on her, for she appeared shortly after with a basket of meats, vegetables, and herbs. She started following me with her customary cheerful indifference. The kitchen din intensified, but still did not stir. My mind had begun to become by this point, and I remembered the tale of the prince of the Irish Folk, who stood at the center of a hill, and the white dragon who turned into a water sprite, the faerie princess who connected him with—with— with—a mighty token of the world above. The whole story came out , even as I saw someone sharing this tale with others concerned with faerie potions. Yes—it could work. Nobody even noticed my going, apart from Lilja, who was in the background as I watched his short walk around the woodpile. She slung the axe over , and called something to my eyes, but I was still running down the mountainside. The forest was silent as I ducked beneath the boughs, holding