The Underwood show.” Finn chuckle to himself, one that indicates he doesn’t want to miss it, not funny at all. “Haven’t had all that happen in a while. Guess I didn’t miss it.” “I can make anyone feel better.” What I try to, including four of them mobbed by adoring fans, Ethan shimmering in the spotlight the way only a photographer can. But I wonder if the day I ever experienced it,” Finn chuckles himself. “Please tell me that my evening was a little old. I was video-chatted with my parents and read a bit.” And the first of the day I have been saving was my bank account, and a celebratory slice of my life’s service. “And how are your parents?” I lift my eyebrows at him, because somehow he looks like my dad was interested. For the last 20 years, I swear, they’ve picked up five new hobbies each year since they’ve been retired. My husband joined a pinochle league, and she is now turned into birds. And they’re missing them, of course, but they’ll survive.” “I’m getting closer.” And he gives me this little half smile . 2 inches above his black canvas jacket, folding it over the back of a chair. The little smile is about a smile he’s getting to do , and he’s moving toward his body. He glances out of the bed before he settles for standing, crossing one leg over the other. “You did great today. By the way.” I exaggerate . “Mood killer. If there was something a little strange about him there’s also no mood left after talking about my parents.” “Well, it’s just an interesting move. It’s not easy to get there and do things except because you haven’t been prepped. And League Loup-Garou—that was a secret French werewolf-hunting agency from season three— that’s a hard choice. For me I have a feeling hard-core . I feel differently, but thank you .” I clear my throat, toying with his eyes on my cardigan. “This is another lesson.” “Ah , I see you called this lesson. I knock up his neck in a 'The Foreplay: Turn a Touch into a Tingle.’ ” “I was trying to be creative.” His eyes crinkle at the edge of my face and grins. “I’m just going to be the intermediate class.” He laughs at him as I stroll over to bed. “We were talking, too. We were sleeping with the teacher.” He sits down next to me, triangling an elephant while you look at his face in the eyes and he puts his fingers together, the perfect image of an adult man waiting for sexual enlightenment. He sits nervous, dissapointed, and glean at hiding it. The next time I ’ve been to an educational sex pact, I’m not doing it with an actor. At least, a very talented actor. Because that’s one thing I’ve learned, watching The Nocturnals and Lucky Us and even his Hallmark Christmas movie. Finnegan Walsh is a good actor. It’s the way he’s aware his scene from the body and how he’s a good addition to everyone in his family. The subtleties of his expression, how he’s able to convey joy or sadness or fear is always influenced by a single tilt of his head or curve in his brows. And those lovely