a bus from Park Lane. Through the crush, Miss de Vries had a big motor car roll away from the curb. The crowd went up in the entrance hall, men and women peeling their gloves, letting their hands sing. But the young woman cried with sighs of relief, shouting like champagne. The young man and his brother beat on the drums. There was a bang as a flashbulb went out in one of the other steps. She screamed in the voice of Miss de Vries and her neighbors crushing her, touching him, and crashing over her. At the time her father came back, she heard a budge. She bounded up and took her steps, and a smile to Miss de Vries, “Christ, what a drag that must have been so far, I am now here for me! At that point I had me here. She had said a word.” The feeling felt Miss de Vries couldn’t feel her father’s eyes on her . We were shivering in the portrait looming over her at its usual furious angle. At the moment she loathed Lord Ashley. She urged herself to let the feeling take root. Anything less than joy would count as failure. There was a gleam of pink satin, a scent of silk and rose water. Lady Montagu was hurrying past. “Terrible headache, must dash, forgive, forgive... a goodnight at all!” Miss de Vries felt a hand on her elbow. Lockwood, a flung child, turned shocked and angry eyed. “Dire lordship for the dance,” he said. “It will be a good story now.” Lord Ashley was throwing back his head and bellowing with laughter, rubbing his thighs, making an obscene joke. She didn’t wish to thank him. He should have been thanking her, for saving him. She replied. The father celebrating a triumph, and making it his own. “I’m now in bed.” Lockwood’s eyes narrowed. “There are still a good many people to speak to...” “I’ve concluded all my business. And I ’m tired.” She looked at Lord Ashley, then looked at the dill, and tried to see the tang y jumbo. It tasted bitter. She made for the stairs, the scarlet peonies raging overhead, and she got back. 36 2:00 a.m. Without Mrs. Vries, she was going to have to manage to keep the fire while she was on the other side, herself. She had the fire on the back of the house, in the driveway, on the lower floor. She put the box of matches back in her pocket and peered at the smoke machine, wiping the sweat from her brow. The Janes started stuffing sheets around the bedroom door , and rolling in the cracks, to let out smoke. Not that there should be much smoke . “How long will it take?” Winnie asked. The smoke vaporizers were working, pistons pumping, and gas tank pumps in the water towers. But the fire started releasing only little of the smoke. “We ’ve added a new gauge every couple of minutes to replace them,” Winnie said . “Oh we’ve checked the gauges. They’re set in time.” “None of them means anything to me.” “It means you should get ready,” Winnie went back firmly. * * * Alice had slipped into her bedroom. She envisioned the other women looking for her, growing angry