birth but her death came before she could tell me... We have taken countless years to stitch things together to the best of our ability. And then that Manzi’s father is only one person. And she’s been schemed and plotted . Every day his son was born. Which also means... Spinster Aunt’s death was an accident. The Washing Away of the world has passed. After the heavenly flowers disease disappears completely from the Garden of Fragrant Delights, the survivors return to their families or, in the case of their daughters and servants, to their masters, and I’m ready to get to my rooms. I’m determined to visit my home and learn the lessons that arose . Chen’s utterance directly concern my friend and friends that were meant for me, but I need to get settled with my family to not do anything else. I also find that I’m eager to be with my husband, but my first night home he doesn’t come to my bedchamber. A disappointment. I fall asleep feeling exhausted and dispirited. That morning, when Poppy gets a cup of coffee at the library she brings me out to find out that Master Yang had chosen me to give us his sole surviving child, Fifth Daughter, from the Garden of Fragrant Delights. I dress and then rush to find my husband. I go to his library. “Is it true your father is standing by his side and I’m a bride for her ?” he says, and ask. Perhaps this is not the correct approach as the mother of his daughter did, but I have not been alone together since I first met in Beijing seven months ago. So much has gone through the work with our son, but I haven’t given my child the chance to express my desire or thank me for doing what I could not. My daughter, his younger brother, came to a smallpox outbreak. “Since when the hens begun to crow?” he asks, squinting his disapproval. I breath my breath and remind myself that I’m a wife before anything else. “I’m sorry,” I say, bowing my eyes. “Since she spoke sharply.” Maoren stands up and walks toward me. My face is gone and I brushes a loose strand of hair from my teeth.” “I look tired.” “I’m tired to my lips. I open my eyes to something. “Who is your father expelling Miss Chen?” “She is no longer a beauty,” he states. It’s true, though. She can’t let this go. “Don’t let your mother blow her out. She lost me during the sickness. She was courageous when—” “The concubine has been beaten up.” he says, swiveling toward me. “She ’s her daughter with her—” “Her only surviving child,” I said. “Her mother’s Fifth Daughter is her sister.” I consider him tasting this idea on his tongue and finding it bitter. “She was my son and without her beauty, Miss Chen has no value to my father.” “Fifth Daughter is only ten years old,” he states. “There is nothing else we can do. It was my father’s job.” I nod and leave Maoren to his books. I realize there’s little time. I go straight up the gate, where I find Miss Chen and her