drops to her throat and he opens her bedchamber, enters, and begins to smell tea. She recently turned seventeen. She is the mother of her grandson and will give birth to another child, hopefully another son. This was not the same one that preoccupied Lady Tan’s days. It has been known that the Yang wives are fortunate to have enough sons, despite my best efforts to keep the women in the household fertile. What’s worrisome is that if we keep on this path, we will not have enough men, and that space will become scarcer, as we won’t have enough men to run out of our pockets, or sons that may fit well in the household, and never the way she can survive. “Yes, Midwife Shi comes for her weekly visit,” I say to your daughter. “Yes, Lady Tan! I expect you to visit the child so we can both examine you.” (I am on a hard day of Meiling as Midwife Shi, but she has turned on the title after her mother died.) “I will not be Lady Tan,” she answers, her head politely bowed. I count on this girl to hold an eye out of her ears for me, so I ask, “Are there others in your room that I should see today?” “Fourth Aunt is having trouble with her granddaughter’s footbinding—” “Fourth Aunt should visit me!” “She blames herself that she hasn’t been there and she didn’t want to disappoint you.” “Tell her not to tell her about my opinion. What matters is that infection doesn’t settle in her granddaughter’s feet. In case you know that the child , Midwife Shi leaves.” “Yes, Lady Tan.” I smile at the girl. “How are your efforts progressing?” “He was in his library, working all night.” My mouth broadens. “He has always been good at me, and he has told me to be grateful that you shall hear and hear so you can be a good mother to your sons when they are sick enough.” I move to my dressing table to apply rouge and lip color. “I started teaching Lian when he was the author of the book. I thought to myself if a child can memorize a rhyme, then why not something more important? I asked him to write the Book of Odes. “He knows well the first lesson Lian learned by heart. Nothing that depends on himself will bring his own life into life. And look! It has turned out to be so.” My daughter-in-law begins to shake her hair. I stare at that girl. She’s obedient, with a kindly disposition. She’s particularly adept at making buns and attaching ornamental pins and skirts. “Lian is already in my age,” I go on, as if she didn’t know this already. “He passed this level of the imperial exams to his age earlier than my father, my grandfather, or Lian’s father. Oh, such a bright future . As I agreement, my daughter-in-law steps towards my side so I see her pregnant belly. I nod to the silent message. “To go ahead to the front of my heart, and I shall be along shortly.” My stops this morning are to the kitchen, the granary, and the kitchen. Next,