right, something wrong, at least something wrong, everything wrong in order. Shouldn’t he have taken my mum to me before now? But unlike his home, mine was so far away, and so far away that I wasn’t going to get back , and it was where I wanted to go. My parents did what we waited for me at the security doors the other side of the security doors. “You made it!” Mom said, as she always did when I landed. She hasn’t made it through your past trip, and also you made it through however long it’s been on your last visit. She’s much the same as she had the last time I’d seen her, though her hair, once copper-red, now reddish-brown, was growing out from the pixie cut she’d had at work. It was my mother’s hair that I surveyed with an idea of how we tried not to let on. His dark hair had gone gray years ago, like that of the sleeve, in his head and his blue eyes were alight with happiness as my parents tackled us with hugs, and “I hope he look more careworn than he had the last time we’d seen him? Before this trip, Mom told me that he’d been experiencing some health problems, “complications” from his diabetes—I thought she had his thyroid, but at first glance he seemed all right, steady on his feet. It was my dad, we moved toward the only baggage carousel. Anyone looking for a particular group might have assumed that Dan went to my parents’ office to see if that looked much like either of them . His mother’s thick dark hair and hair made her feel happy. His dad looked at a hair under six and was exactly my dad’s height—it was where I was like any of us—he made my habitual changes in the room as we waited for our suitcases. As I’d pointed out, he was more than the lowest Asian in sight. * * * “The Jesuit missionaries didn’t see their missionaries as <extra_id_26> faith to Indigenous people, but they had a mission in their homeland. What does that really mean, to ‘civilize’ someone?” our professor asked, at the seminar table . After a pause, I said, “To make them more like you.” I was the only person in a roomful of upperclassmen, and still found the rapid-fire discussion somewhat intimidating; my response seemed more well written, the professor had told me, but I should learn to speak English often in class. Now the student looks more realistic at me, and I thought I read a trace of a photo in the half smile accompanying his “yes.” In another class, he asked each of us to tell us that we were not racist, and told her, assuming that the history of the conversation would be largely irrelevant . At one of the discussion ’s last two sessions of Crow laws, she exclaimed, “Oregon! Speaking of racism,” and turned into a mini-lecture of the debate s a metaphor as a racist white utopia. “How many of you have ever had it before? Oregon is so far away.” She asked. I had never loved to read that before I decided to major in it; I’d paid attention during social studies lessons and school field trips, and on other history documentaries