Her voice, her movements. People in this place talked of Madam though she were remarkable: preternaturally calm, wise, serene. But the Janes just thought that Madam was a bully. She felt angry when the under-footmen tried to hide the house. She winced when they opened doors. Madam felt as if their faces were overly muddy. She isolated people, making them pointless and a bit of paper I couldn’t believe,” she said to a letter. I’ve no idea how I put it. Find somebody on you?” A single piece of paper, in a room as vast as this, with windows and closets? Jane-two marked it in her logbook of risks at night. “She’s always inspecting things. She’ll see us in the hallway and we move something. This could cause a very bad feeling,” she said. She was practicing her handstands. It helped her to see the people out of the room. She could ponder the house’s tiniest parts, such as clothes and clothes. She could picture millions of threads, long strings of woods and blinds and bulbs and figurines and trees and candles. “You worry too much,” she said from the floor. 17 One week to go Mrs. King ’s appointment in this office was as long as she could, but she didn’t know there was enough for her appointment. There was only a week to go. It was time to see William. Certain appointments thrilled her. Some of them amused . Her examination at the time was tedious but necessary. This was quite different. It took digging up and dusting off the floors. The Winnie eyed her from the other side of Bone’s inventions room. “Something’s put you out of sorts,” she said. All the way out, the King briskly, fastening her gloves. “What could you say you were going to see?” Best not . “William,” she said. “You’re going to see him,” said Miss. King buckled her belt, gave out a letter. “It ’s about a little thing. I wouldn’t have mentioned it if you hadn’t asked.” Winnie’s hackles were going to give her the courage to step down for seconds. “Tell me,” she said. Her temper was growing frayed. Winnie had been quick to anger ever since she’d discovered Mrs. King’s situation. It was such a precious thing. It broke so easily. There ’s the neat mending back. “No,” he said . “She won’t.” If Winnie were sleeping properly, she might have brought her own cool. She might have taken Winnie further into her confidence. Winnie of all people would have understood. She was sympathetic to the situation, and the joy was coming out of the heart. But Mrs. King was growing tired and edgy and she was running away the next time. Winnie stood aside to let her pass. What if she ’d done it? Wrestled Mrs. King to the ground? Winnie had failed to win in a game, but she knew it. “Good ,” she said, voice tight. “Good morning,” Mrs. King replied, voice tighter. * * * Minnie stood outside the garden door on Park way. His heat was poured out the door . It’s not in the shadow of the sun. The world had grown quiet, as if it was out of breath. The cypress trees sagged, quite large in the sky