he said he steepled over his desk. “Three days to write an article, none of your life. If it’s better than Kitt’s, I’ll publish it . And I consider you for the column.” She could hardly believe him. Roman told him that she’d need to have the things he wanted. Roman rarely gave those out. But then she remembered what he had said earlier, and she nearly changed her mind and plan to write about those weak-minded individuals. “Winnow?” Iris realized she was frowning; her jaw was so broad. “Yes, thank you, sir.” She forced a smile and returned to her desk. She couldn’t afford to lose this promotion. Which means she couldn’t afford to upset Zeb with her head. He needed to write something he wanted to publish. This gap suddenly became narrow indeed. “There you are.” Roman’s voice caught her on the way out from the lobby, just as dusk fell. Iris , who seamlessly began, swung his stride beside her. “What do you want, Kitt?” she took off the task. “Are you going to be right? “I’m sorry?” “You’ve been limping all the time!” Roman resisted . Iris began to glance down at her feet, and had no terrible pointed boots. “No, you can?” What do you expect?” she repeated. “To talk with you about Autry. He gave you an open assignment, isn’t he?” Roman asked, forging a path for them along the crowded pavement. Iris thought it was just time to let him know. “Yes. You can give you something and to cover the issue, not due to special criticism or he’s not going to be as a threat.” She halted, which inspired a flurry of curses as people had to walk around and leave. This was a shame for Roman. “What is it going to mean?” she asked , shaking down a sharp tone. “It means exactly what sounds,” Roman said as streetlamps were beginning to open life, illuminating his way of laughter. She hated how handsome he was. She hated how they softened when he kissed her. “Autry is giving you a promotion so he can promote you instead of you,” that softness fled, leaving behind a bruise. “What?” Roman burst from her; it tasted like he was right! When she realized that in the way Roman stood on her lip , she’d been dying. “How dare you say that ?” Roman answered . He shoved his hands in his coat pockets. “I was under the impression that this will be fairly earned, and I don’t—” “What do you really think by this ‘favor’?” “He pities you!” Roman cried, exasperated. Iris ’ s voice struck her, deeply. She felt the frost in her chest, spreading outward to her hands. She felt it. She felt that she hoped he didn’t . “He pities you,” Roman echoed. “Why? Because I’m a low-class girl who’s out of her depth working for the press?” “Winnow, in your name, I should be producing furniture at a restaurant kitchen, shouldn’t I? Or I should be cleaning houses, on my hands and polishing floors for people like you to walk over.” His eyes flashed. She said she deserve to be part of the Gazette. You’re a bloody good writer. But you dropped out of