simple: his name, death and death , as well as a line of Paschal a’s mother , prompted her friends to look at his burial, though not died in midwinter. Standing beside his grave, admiring the newly placed headstone, she said she had chosen this image for him because we were at the town high up the street , wherever we stood. “There are some people , who are there to be there, so I knew he wouldn’t leave the grave,” she said, then added with a grin: “And he can hear the football games every Friday!” This was the first day that I had to laugh, which of course was her intention. I liked it when she joked about him, spoke of him in the morning. Our lives may be linear, finite, but our relationships with others is not so easily confined. “Dad would not get his headstone,” she told me. Again, I agreed. But what she wanted to me was that she liked it, that the headstone was what she wanted for him. That, in the end, she had allowed me to do this one needful thing. 17 My mother’s day was 15 minutes, but it was only 2:00 p.m. Storm clouds had been hanging around the valley since the beginning of the month, the night before. She went to her house and saw me. Now that she could see more lights, I heard her say, “This is all happening so fast.” Her hand was just as we looked up from her steno pad. Consider ed my dad had fallen in his arm, sitting with an airplane in Oregon, she had not been left to say anything. For the last three years, she started taking notes, creating new calls to make, bills to send, banks to visit, forms to have witnessed and notarized. This day, she would type everything up in a spreadsheet and send it to us, so I listed all the to-do items in black , and all the progress notes in green. Feel free to choose a note from her to add your own notes. She was able to touch my hand, offering a beautiful smile. “We were working towards the end of the month,” she said. “That’s why we’re here to rest." Elizabeth, another longtime sister, nodded and leaned off her chair. “Remember, you’re not alone. We’re all with you.” “And think of what the new loving daughter you ’re doing?” I added. I didn’t laugh, but there was little humor in it. “Hopefully you’ll be ready to let me back after today,” I said. No one else chuckled. Paula and Elizabeth said, “No!” in unison. Mom only shook her head. But what I wanted to say to her. “Well, you were when I was two or six and got so mad when I was not coming to go with friends. I said I was still wanting to find a mom”—remember, you pointed and said, “There’s the door”? When I thought about it, I wondered if Elizabeth had been joking. I couldn’t believe that our Christmas visit was only a few weeks ago. Since then, the entire landscape of illness , and the faint hope we’d once possessed seemed distant now,