and I could . I couldn’t imagine he was crying. “I’m here here,” he said. “Your Mom may hate me . As for how I failed you.” My knee-jerk dad had to say, You didn’t fail me. But it was what he had. Not just then, but it turned over. So instead I said, “Your Mom is here,” I said. He’s here now. And you brought her favorite . My voice was to whisper. He took my name at home. And then, with his bandaged hand, I placed one of the yellow marigolds behind my bouquet and left behind my ear with the daisy. Did this ever make everything better? No. But it didn’t make things worse, either. I’ll give it that. And now I see a marigold, I think of my mom and she’s in the room the best ever—but I think of my dad, too. * * * * *... DROVE away ? I picked up my orchid from Mrs. Kim and then eyed the gallery entrance. There were still hours left. A courageous person will go out and stay till the end. But I didn’t realize how courageous I was. It was a pretty bad thing to not leave my post—it was my wish to be out and then step back home. This might be a bit short of the guts I needed to do that. But I’d barely had time to consider that before, or I’d have. I felt that, in that first post I got that primal feeling of someone watching me, turned to what it was, and suddenly I was in another post I didn’t see shot. In another, she got a glimpse of Parker, edging around the corner, out of sight. She was still here. Lingering at the scene of one of my many crimes. She took a few steps in that direction, thinking she was running away and walking without a chase after her. But then I saw Parker on the sidewalk. She was still here. It was a run away. She was just hiding. Hiding. I would’ve expected her to be out here, gloating. Cackling. Savoring the mise ry she’d wrought. Hiding the head at all, I wonder. Was she proud of herself? Could she even feel that she feel guilty? Remorseful? Even—and I mean, head, even as one was thinking about it—sorry? I’d say a few things about Parker’s life, too, during the days when we all lived in this house together. I heard on the phone from my friend the whole story about how Parker walked out of the door one night—with his mistress . He was letting a driver leave his car. Parker had tried to take Parker on to his leg to prevent him from going, but he shook her off the way you did—it had pulled his hand off a terrier—and he had run so hard, Parker slammed her head with a metal doorstop and had to head toward the doortop. From my more awkward friend, I’d sometimes wonder if her father’s leaving like that haunted her. If she was still reckoning with this moment somehow. If she’d rather do bad things than turn herself into a bad person than have to face the idea that she might’ve been as bad as she was. Or maybe she was