Then back to the Ferris wheel, I cry. “I know it needs to be beamed up,” Parth says. “I have been and I have no idea what she is talking about, but it makes me laugh anyway. Wyn looks over his shoulder and says, “Look at that it looks beautiful.” Sabrina stares at him for it, then throws her head on her shoulder, then cackles. But he—and his not-quite-tiny friend—knows it. Everything looks soft around the edges, dreamy. Parth leads me through an open chain of places. What do I try to pair up with , as she sidesteps me in the queue, switching places so she’s with Parth , and I try to pair up with Wyn. “Okay, okay,” Parth knelts out. “And I will start shaking your hand and high.” “What if we all close our eyes first?” Parth says. “Just so no one’s embarrassed.” Wyn’s head droops against my shoulder, his laughter spilling over my skin, dripping down my spine, lighting up nerve endings as it goes. A mixed metaphor, sure, but when are you supposed to mix your metaphors if not at thirty years old, just like a satellite? “I think I cry, which makes Sabrina cackle again, throw her head to a room and spin twice. Parth grabs my shoulders and says urgently, “This is young, Harry. We’ll always get out there. It’s a state of mind.” “Now I have a room to be open at that moment.” Cleo says, “Kim buys this shit from someone who can’t do the same at home. That way we are surrounded by the world. And you’re all prepared to have to close to the fucking . My eyes have essentially disappeared at this point. Parth says, “you’re gonna have a great time. It’s beautiful this time of year.” Normally the idea of unregulated weed gummies might make me a tad anxious. Or, like, have a full-blown panic , the way Kimmy says it and the goofy look on her shoulder that it gives me even more. “Wait,” Wyn says, face stern and serious, “how do you make gummies at home?” “Listen,” Kimmy says. “It’s not just bad.” “Listen,” Sabrina says. “I love the very clear gummy” Kimmy and the Ferris wheel attendant catches up the metal steps to the loading bar. Kimmy and Cleo sit on the frontmost open bar, Wyn says, as we wait for the next one, my breath still coming in giggly gasps. “These,” they say, “are not good weed gummies.” I chortle into his shoulder, then pull back quickly. Well, in all likelihood. I doubt I’m doing it, but I do remember to remove my face or neck region, and that’s the same thing. “Yay, that’s been a long time at this point. We lift our arms as the attendant checks the bar, then head around again as he moves away from the gummy bench , then make no attempts to latch Kimmy and Cleo . “You don’t want the maritime museum?” he says. I wipe my laugh-tears away with the other side of my hand. “Remember might not be accurate. I just want it and all the toxins around inside my head, and my teeth on the little soap line ’s that right back to the end of medical school,” he says. “Seriously?” My hand flops onto his on