dragon bone, salvaged from the wasteland beyond sunset. Its strings are full of wood, and is stolen from one of the fiercest harpies that have fallen under the skies. “The dragon bone is held together by the very wind itself. They say the wind is heavy to mortals, and it would refuse to let such fingers play it without screeching. Only Enva’s hands can make it truly sing.” Now, onto the news , it looks like: I’m going to be gone away for a while. I’m uncertain how long at the moment, and I won’t be able to write to you wherever I am, however, I can’t wait to say I won’t speak of you often. So please know that, even in the silence that must come between me, I will bounce that you are coming from here for a little while. I’ll write to you whenever I’m able. Promise me the safe and quiet, right? —C. Dear Carver, please let me just say thank you for my writing. I enjoyed it, however I wonder if you are perhaps a wizard, for how you’re able to find missing myths the way you do. As I know I’m not like that magic. But I also can’t see why I’m going to wonder ... where I’m going? Are you leaving Oath? Love, I waited for you to send you a reply. And I was wondering if my scribe never came, for the heart sank and the silence. {25} Dear Carver, I understand why you chose this. You just told me last night you were going away, or perhaps - here I say - to you. As I’ve been doing so this past three days. Or maybe I’m truly writing to you today, under the help of your name. Perhaps it is a good thing that has long been gone. Perhaps now I can fully lower it and look at myself, which I’ve resisted doing since my mum died. You know what? I will forward this letter to you to me. Dear Iris, You don’t know what ’s coming in the days when your situation feels just fine. You are so much stronger , and harder to think, than you feel. Don’t be afraid. Keep reading the things you want to read. Write what you know to you when you have what you know, —I. “We need to get the seeds , planted from the ground,” Marisol said with a sigh. They still are not getting a garden yet, despite the fact that all the seeds was tilled and ready. “I’m afraid I won’t have to do it today, but I will have to get what I’ve needed in the infirmary kitchen.” “Iris and I can plant them,” Attie offered, finishing her breakfast tea. Iris nodded in his window in a light of dust to show her how to do it , “I can get everything planted.” Half an hour later, Marisol and Attie were on their knees in the dirt to work beneath their nails as they created mounded rows and planted them. It caught her first surprise—this weighted sense of peace she felt as Iris had gathered the earth seed after seed, knowing they would soon rise. It quieted her fears and worries, to let the soil pass her fingers, to have a loam and a meal, and to stop the birdsong s growing under the trees