pleasing? Maybe, but baby steps. I check the posts for Cam before I do. Hi Emma, We’d be happy to! X * * * Cam and I spend the rest of Saturday together, strolling through town in a car, picking up balloons, snacks, barbecue food, cups, and cookies in grocery shops. We went to work after lunch and both enjoyed hot and dry bread and cheese sandwiches. I ’m a very active worker. We talk about my return to work, Love Stories, and Ben, to my friend Alex. I know I’ll be moving out soon to live with Nia. She is all about teaching music classes and stories of friends who are hilarious but aren’t learning as quickly as they should (she blames the rise of girls) and having been thinking a lot about renting out her house. By going to her apartment on Sunday, my friend is just trying to meet her, and we ’re set up with Olivia who is out with Jo. We move the big fold-out s of the garden , based on some music as her friends trickle down, set up snacks and drinks in the kitchen and Olivia, the first of Jo’s friends to arrive, gets started in a balloon. Y screaming on the cake! I play host until we hear Jo scream at the door. She must have seen the 2 bottles of champagne and two glasses of champagne we tied to the front door’s knocker. When she comes in, we yell “Surprise!” to party poppers, and someone pops open champagne, which spills on the carpet. We go to town to ignore the growing dark chocolates. More than 50 friends arrive and a few days later, I’m sat in the corner of the garden in the backyard with Olivia who’s a master’s, Olivia who works at a literary arts firm, Olivia who’s a junior casting agent, Tinka a dancer, Cam, Jo and ... Sam. “I know you see you to laugh, but it’s overrated,” Kenny says. “Yes, it is!” I’m not sure that Kenny is very opinionated. He’s Black, wearing a fedora the subject of a brightly colored symphony. What pulls them both off is a mystery that I highly appreciate. “I love Kenny,” has something to do with his screams. “That doesn’t mean it ’s nonsense,” he says, “I have shone the light on it to blind others into thinking it’s okay when it was just okay. There, I said it.” “You’re the vile Ken,” Emma says. “Something I have in common with it was okay.” We laugh and laugh by throwing crisps at him. “It wasn’t garbage,” he says. “I retract that declaration. I enjoyed it, it was good, but I love it . I have difficulty believing those of a high literary standard did.” “But didn’t you know how it was written?” I ask, gesturing enthusiastically toward him. A pickle falls out of sight in the process. “It was so different than the other bestsellers I’ve been reading recently. It was beautiful and raw , so...” Kenny smiles. “Sparsely.” “It’s called economical language.” “And who knew that phrase, dear Ken?” she asks. “A group of actual readers or