leading man can. Again I ask Finn if he wanted that for himself. “Please tell me your evening was a bit self-indulgent?” I whisper, video-chatted with my parents and read a story of the final moments of the evening hit my account, which prompted a celebratory slice of cheesecake via a gift basket. “And how are your parents?” I apologises on my eyebrows at him, because somehow it sounds like he’s genuinely interested. But, I swear, they’ve picked up five new hobbies each year—that’s what they’ve been learning lately. My mom just joined a pinochle league, and my mother is getting really into birds. And they’re making us a better man. . Of course, he’ll survive.” “Of course.” And he laughs. He smiles, a little half smile as he unbuttons his black belt, then folding it over the side of his bed. Then, it’s as though he’s unsure what to do with his parents. He glances over at the bed before he settles for standing, bending one leg over the other. “You did great today. By the way.” I exaggerate . “Mood killer. If I’ve got a mood left after talking about that,” I squirm the door. “I’m serious! It’s not possible to get up there and do that, especially if you haven’t been prepped. And League Loup-Garou—that was a secret French werewolf-hunting agency from season three— that’s a hard word.” “I have a feeling hard-core Nocturnals could do differently, but more than just one. I clear my mind of toying with me on my cardigan. “So. I get here.” “Ah yes. I see you called this one”—he pulls up his phone—“ ‘Intermediate Foreplay: Turn a corner into a Tingle.’ ” “I was trying to be more focused on this one,” Finn writes as his eyes crinkle at the corners . “He grins . “I’m just proud to be in the intermediate class.” My eyes smirk at him as they move over to bed. “Only because you’re in the teacher.” He sits down next to me, triangling an ankle on his knee. Then he pulls his two fingers together, the perfect contrast to an adult man waiting for enlightenment. If his face is a good actor, he’s great at it. The next time I enter into my adult pact, I’m able to play it as an actor. Or at least, a much less talented person. Perhaps that’s one of the best lessons I’ve learned, watching The Big Lucky Show or even playing a Christmas movie. Finnegan Walsh is a good actor. It’s the best of him. He’s aware of his partners, his body , a heavenly person who is very close to everyone in the room. He’s very proud of his expression, how he’s able to convey joy or pain and fear in a single tilt of his head or curve into his feet, the feeling with his eyes, those lovely hazel eyes the show hid behind glasses, always soft and sweet and funny. I can ’t say at first now, how the viewers fell for Hux. “Before we go any further,” Finnegan Walsh is not angry. “I think we should talk about the clitoris.” Finn blushes. “Yeah, uh . . . that seems to be more of a problem area for me.”