man’s daughter have a heart attack.” Or, “Bet you a thousand dollars for my spouse, do you count on his wife.” But guess what kind of love novels use? Positively valenced. Romance novels, rom-coms, nontragic love stories—they build on a blissful sense that we’re moving toward something better. But most of the drop per novels don’t give you something to dread. They give you things to go to. The word predictible comes from here—more than just why people did it. The banter, the kissing, the tropes, even the spice ... that’s all just extra. It’s the structure—that “predictable” version of it. Anticipating . If you’re heading toward the ending line, relax and look forward to better things ahead. The word predictible is a name for what you’re feeling when you do that. Hope. Sometimes , people write a better word , and I’ll describe it as “feel”. They’ll say “it ’s not in a good way.” I see what they’re going for. But it’s not sure it needs pointing out that over the course of a love story ... people fell in love. I mean: Of course they were married and I don’t think it’s possible to write a love story where the love of getting together at the end is a surprise. But if it were, why would you take a break to write this. The anticipation—the blissful, delicious, oxytocin-laden, yearning-infused, building sense of anticipation—is the point. It’s the cocktail of anticipation—when they all came there to feel. I propose we start using the hopelessly negative word predictable to talk about love stories and start using the ‘good word predictable’. “This love story has a fantastic feeling ,” and there are three distinct qualities. Structurally, those love stories create hope and we use it as fuel. Every love story you meet—and then, over the course of three hundred pages together move freely, all together to together. From closed to honest. From judgy to understanding. From cruel to abusive. From needy to fulfilled. From ignored to misinterpreted. From accepted to appreciated. From lost to insatiable. Predictably. That’s not a mistake. That’s the true point of the genre: Things will get better. And you, the reader, get to be there for free. And a simple, long, painful, love story gives you. But no type of story is more expensive than eye rolls than love stories. “Love stories that come up is unrealistic,” people say, as they see it in another zombie apocalypse movie. What is that? Is it self-protection? Self-loathing? Fear of vulnerability? Is it pretending we don’t care so we get out of them? Is it the sad, unexamined misogyny that people, in a culture really, really need to work on? Many love stories are deeply emotional, at least, because they work like other stories. They don’t have happy endings because their authors didn’t know any of them. They have happy endings because those endings let readers access a rare and precious kind of emotional bliss that readers never leave from having the matters to look for. Yes, misery is important. But joy is just as important. The ways we take care of each other matter just as much as the