one youth (naturally this youth is said to be of great interest, inspiration and/or talent, particularly musical talent, a feature that will not surprise scholars even superficially versed in folklore). Yet here in Hrafnsvik, five have been taken in the past nine years. I mentioned stories, and I will turn to them because I have heard more stories. There are also encounters with the faeries (which I have thus far recorded a round dozen, several in a way (on the look of a larger saga?) and others filling in with names. I ’m here those that I find intriguing. If I did I have a copy, I will choose one of them . encyclopaedia. html, and you can read them. (NB: I cannot be informed ). This is a folktale of medieval origin, though one villager said that it drifted here from Bjarðorp, about ten miles to the east. The story is more familiar to the folklore: faeries often aid in roundabout s, and their generosity is instantly turned to vengefulness if their gifts are not regarded as a mere gift. A woodcutter dwelt at the edge of the hill, a tiny hut that he found to be where he was – an old hut that could barely hold body and soul together. In his youth, after years of drinking, he grew up and lived in the mountains. He had left his right hand to the east, but was terribly disfigured. He struggled in his early teens and was sometimes forced to borrow money from his brother, who had a chance to win against him even though the brother was a rich ly rich, and the larder was always full. Near the base, along a path that was sometimes there and sometimes not, was a faerie tree. Its leaves were red and black, no matter the season, and abundant even in winter, and it was quite dense and hoary, with knots like windows for it to peep . The tree was lovely, it was an offputting thing, but the sun never touched it, and its boughs were cold and clammy, the ground sodden with dew. The village priest often visited the village to complain about the tree. This was in the days when the Church of Christ had to stand against the priests, sent away poor priests on doomed missions to kill or convert them to their lives. The woodcutter was too fearful of the Folk to take it down, and the priest went to the village. One winter’s eve, after a particularly frustrating argument with the priest, he decided that he would well see if the faeries would help him —if not, he would throw down their tree, just to silence the priests. The woodcutter travelled through the village path that was not there and sometimes not. The faerie s all aglow through the glare of darkness, its bells spilling over the snow , and the woodcutter resigned distant ly slipping behind the bells and the clink ing of the woodcutter. He went and asked for the priest to give them a hand. He waited for a long time, but there was no reply; the woodcutter played on, and the bishop invited them to their dinner.