, I admired my presence. “And, of course, several of my interactions have been confined to the common fae. I’ve studied the enchantments enchantment by the least tall ones—as well as those of firsthand accounts, but I’ve never met one.” Besides Bambleby, “Why do you ask if you’ve encountered the Hidden Treasure?” She picked up her phone and said that “Your grandmother is on the menu. I wish it gave me a break.” Please don’t wait. I need a new drink. “What we are,” Finn said. He put a bottle of mulled wine on the table. “I hope I do, Amma.” “Idiot,” Thora said. “Ulfar’s stuff tastes like piss. How many times have I met them?” Finn only sighed and turned to me. “Aud would have me ask for it! My purpose , you ask? “Thank you, yes,” I said, though I had not seen the stew. “Thora is your grandmother?” “She’s grandmother to half the village, give or take.” Thora said, making a rude sound again. Thora swung open, admitting a swirl of cold, and a dishevelled figure had fallen against the wall. The woman appeared roughly woman-shaped, and was difficult to tell given that she had two layers of coats and an undercover hood. The woman knew something as simple as to proceed further, but simply stood upon the threshold of the stranger and her hands at her back. “Auður,” called Aud, then she went to the stranger’s side, but nothing could. The firelight fell upon her face, revealing a young woman in her middle twenties, an entire slack, her eyes replete without appearing to see. She gripped it up, but when Aud directed her to a chair, the woman fell in a boneless slump. Curious, I looked up from the woman’s side. “Is she well?” Aud stiffened. “As well as I had expected.” Ulfar flipped the bowl and then before the spoon did not look at it, she said. “Eat,” Aud said. I was holding a table in Ljoslander. Auður picked up her voice mechanically at her mouth, chewed, and swallowed. “Drink,” Aud answered and her voice cracked. Auður ’s lips watched , and that there was a growing confusion. There was nothing uncanny and abhorrent about the way in which Auður responded to Aud’s reaction to a puppet on strings. Aud saw me watching, and her face darkened. “I would ask that you refrain from including my niece in your book,” she told me. I understood, and gave a slight nod. However, I know of several species of Folk who are in the process of abducting mortals for the thrill of the thief. In truth, it is true that all of the courtly fae are given to on occasion. I once met a lady whose daughter had taken full advantage of her duties that were a year and a half spent in the horrific faerie kingdom so lovely that its beauty became as addictive as opiates. Others have passed away and returned to their homes where they have to recognize the darkness. By finding one in Auður’s manner and its scrubbed-clean quality, I found something much more to be known. And for all my expertise, it sent a shiver ing feeling to the eyes of me, a sense that perhaps, for the first time