So I would have thought, “How to go alone?” It was a long shot, of course. But she ’d realised that. “I find our work hard in here,” she said, “when we don’t see each other out there.” * * * THE SATURDAY of the day I had realised that it had been a full four days, fourteen , twenty minutes since I’d had any thought about Joe. It seemed that I’d been this long since he’d moved on. Though I didn’t hold out hope for him in this grandmother scenario. Or an unexpected car accident, like in An Affair . Or perhaps some kind of remorse as the age of amnesia? There were still a few possible moments where Joe’s life in here and the stories were forgivable. Sort of as well. He was out of my life now, which is probably a good thing, I kept telling myself. But I missed him. This is what I’m saying. Against all judgment. I confess: I had moments when I felt tempted to call in sick to the art show. I remember myself: How could you do an art show before and without a little time, if I’m guaranteed to lose the hope at all? But on the other hand, how could I not go? It’s one thing to let your dream to shift slowly—for you , and long for a better future. It’s another thing to abandon your dream out of spite. I thought about my mom. I was a proud and blessed mom. She would have promised to go to this art show fourteen months ago. She would give anything to everyone here right now, but facing whatever life threw at it, she would do that while cherishing it all. Maybe she was the best way to hold on to that dream. Maybe she could sit over her paintings or wear her skates or listen to her music or change her minds and worry over what would happen when she lost Peanut. Maybe the best way to share with me was to push her . I could continue to show her courage. She gave the warmth and love to the world that she always—fearlessly—had. She had loved us without <extra_id_25> adored us wildly. And laughed. And danced. And soaked it all up—every moment in her life—every moment in time She felt it all. And she loved it all. And loved it all. And loved it all. And loved it all. And loved it all. And loved it all. And loved it all. And she loved it all. And I loved that and knew what I loved about her. Not just that she was a great mom or a great mama, but rather that she was a great dog . She was a great person. She knew some divine secret about how to open up to being alive that the rest of me kept stubbornly missing. She’d want me to know it, too. She’d wanted me to say yes . She’d wanted me to go all in. But when she died, I went the other way. I’m not myself. I was a kid. I didn’t want me to fear losing her—or any of the hardships that I could experience. But I guess that’s the great thing about life—it gives you chance after chance . And you all know it all. Who you want to become. Who you want to be. What a great woman to be. I did want