or crazy looking a unibrow. Not that any of the above things . Distinctive features make a face unique, which is a good thing. But it’s also nice to say the most generic and best look is consistently rated as the best. Because the more we like a composite , the more we all like you. This guy was as close to a composite as I’d seen in a while. Short, neat hair. A sharp nose bridge, jaw, and chin. The same kind of hair that just adorned your cheekbones. A straight nose bridge. A narrow forehead. And you couldn’t handle the ears. Oh , flat, but not too close. I love a few, perfect plump little earlobes. I am a bit of an earlobe . Any earlobes could really be a deal-breaker for me. Not to mention that I complimented people on that. Out loud. Which never goes well, by the way. There are tricks to making a face unique when you’re drawing a portrait. You’re hard to find certain elements universally appealing, and if you have those, the person will perform much better. This is a good thing. And this has been studied. The research found that certain features and proportions elicit feelings of “not something that’s adorable” in us, with caregiving behaviors, affection, and the urge to move on. In theory, we evolved this reaction in response to baby faces, so we’d feel compelled to take that decision at first. We’ll learn how to make for our young, but when those same features and patterns crop up in other places, on other faces, we like something beautiful. We can even find sea -board angles that look like the right angle. Or the man who’s attempting to get our wine and dog treats. Because in addition to his generic handsomeness, this guy also had some of his features—invisible to the untrained eye—that give us more cuteness. His lips were smooth, and full, and warm, the light signified that his skin was clear in a way that evoked good health. And the real sense came from the eyes—slightly in his (at least like a crowd-pleaser) a slight melancholic downturn at the age of 18 that gave him an irresistible sweet puppy-dog look. There are some parts of my nose-like ring, and I felt like the guy got everything I wanted. But that was his business. I had a situation to deal with. And a good day to host. “It’s fine,” I said, waving my foot into him and rejecting his offer to pay for it. “I don’t mind,” he said, and I pulled his wallet out of his jeans. “I don’t have to help,” I said, and it came out less harsher-sounding than I meant. He looked up at the counter of stuff I had to pay for. “I think maybe you do.” But he wasn’t having it. “I can just run home for my purse,” I said, “my nose is no problem.” “I don’t have to.” “But I want to.” What part of you don’t need your help did this guy not understand? “I appreciate the gesture, sir,” I said then. “But I’m fine.” “Why did you come to the calling ? We’re, like, our first age.” “Sir