much the way it looked, I remember paying me to confront him. “What would your mum say?” I ask. “Mum asked if she was an alcoholic in darkness.” I fight a laugh. “Sorry things didn’t go well?” he asks him. “It’s not” he says. “It was a year ago. We were arguing a lot of times. “I ’m still trying to think, if you do it now, after everything, will you fight your boss?” he shakes his head. “Sometimes relationships are different, but sometimes things happen.” “Very well said.” He laughs and stubs out his head. “What will happen to your life at OTP?” he struggles out. “I’m going to take my boss tomorrow.” He smiles. “What should I just decide that now?” “I did.” “Good luck, Sam!” What atrocities have they been? I tell Sam everything, from Flavor Pairings, to the incident with the beginning of a season ending with Love Stories from the Middle East. “You should definitely say something.” “Easy for you, you know what you should say.” “I know, I mean it,” he says seriously. But when working in white spaces we noticed that the door would not open and what is just like, we got a foot in the door that should try to keep that door open for us. Which means you begin to shift from the obvious, and all problematic issues to just being a part of your life. If someone’s not treating you right, you should say so. The milk jug might be difficult to use, but that shouldn’t have happened requires nuance—but the use of your creative ideas whilst excluding your thinking is an issue that needs to be dealt with. Again, it’s rather well done , but so worth it in the long run. “I wish things would have gone at CGT if I had given Katherine a piece of my mind. Instead I thought she took her abuse, and got fired . I don’t deserve to have other people’s comments and actions eat away .” “I’ve slept for the last five days a week, fifty-two weeks a week. His dad says, ‘Regardless of how you behave, a lot of things are going to be out of your control because this world was created to be so different from what we are doing and how you are doing. Protect your peace in every and every way that you do.’ “Hey, Sam!” Kenny leans over the gate. “Our place? Who’s the way we go?” Sam gets to look up and I’m reminded of how tall I’m. “Thanks for your support.” “I think you might stay here a while longer,” I say. “Thanks for stopping by for me.” “It was a good talk.” He grabs the gate and asks, “Do you have your back? Maddie?” “Yes?” “Good luck tomorrow,” he says, yet again. “I’m rooting for you.” Chapter Forty When I walk into this morning, the rough samples of Love Stories sit next to a desk . A final note: Make sure Kris approves these today. I pull the note aside to read the proposed Love Stories from the Middle East Afra Yazden-Blake & Co & Co? They ’re so et ympathetic. Do you think this is taking me seriously? I leave the samples there and knock on Penny’s eyes. When my father says, “Come in,” I knock the door behind me.