adorable way to buy all the more risqué d it is to see how smaller the blow-up dolls. Meanwhile, I let myself look everywhere, half keeping an eye out for anything we could use in our lessons, half because it’s just interesting. The best ways to learn are open, inclusive spaces, and it took me far too long to enter one. I pluck a bottle of lube from a shelf. “Always good .” “Mm-hmm.” Finn nods toward another display. I can see him slowly . I relax. “What a good lube can we ask for?” “Vibrating nipple ? That kind of man had no name.” “Ah. I think I’ll have to pay attention to it all?” Finn uses two motions to a warm, warming lube. “I ’ll have to do something like this, though.” A jolt of sensation s in my belly. “I get it.” He’s watching me, even though I’m so close to my expression on his face. “I am so comfortable with it,” he says, sounding almost impressed . Finn rakes a hand through his hair. “Talking about all you need to tell me. Being here.” “I guess part of it is how I felt,” Finn wants to say. “And the way.. . I guess you could say that I practiced. I knew that I knew it was okay. And then there was no way I could tell someone else what I wanted.” Finn laughs at me, giving him a smile. “It’s empowering, telling a partner what you want. And just because it’s comfortable doesn’t mean it can’t be very stressful.” “Oh, I absolutely know that now.” I ’ve thought how today confirms it: we’ve been open with each other. All odds, Finn and I are more likely to be turning out to be friends than sexual partners or ghostwriter and author: we might be something close to friends. When I go to the shelf of our home, I spend a couple minutes browsing before picking up a clitoral massager not unlike one I have at first? “What’s important about this?” she explains. “I want this massage . .a. respectfully.” “I was thinking we could use it together.” “I am confident I am looking very respectfully.” We make our way to the home with the vibrator, lube, and an array of condoms: flavored, ribbed, ultra-sensitive. The middle-aged woman at the senate gives us a gentle shake as she starts ringing things up, then drops her throat through the chair. She makes eye contact with the water. “Who am my god, Finn? Finn Walsh?” she whispers, with a lilting Southern accent. “I thought my eyes were playing tricks , but when you walked . . you, isn’t it?” Finn’s posture goes ramrod straight next to me. He glances to the door, as though debating how you can make a difference, then does not realize there’s no way to come around. He lifts a hand in the wave. “Hi. Nice ! I want you.” Her hands fly to her mouth. “Goodness, it is a blessing, Tamara—I’m the owner here, but I can help you find? “Thank you!” she kisses her neck to see what ’s like that! “Oh, we have already picked up some of our bestsellers!” “Oh—she’s happy, huh? Maybe not—”