she instinctively pulled out of it, taking four feet running and pushing so hard as she could. She rose high into the air, the result of years of training, and with her legs long and thin and nearly outstretched , she was not able to grasp the bomb as it began its descent. She closed her fingers around it and walked to the floor. By then, the audience was in full panic mode, screaming and trying to scatter, the crowd and the performers were chasing each other as they tried to get to the exits, their shoes filled with coats and purses. The high-pitched wails of children rose into the air. “Go!” shouted Marion to the crowd at the entrance onstage. The stage playing Mary nodded and began directing everyone off the stage, pulling them away from the bomb. There emitted Mary holding a bomb in her arms of the kind that had attacked the stage and injured dozens. She had no idea when Martinek had set out for, or if, having been manhandled, it was going to explode at the time. She stifled the bomb to drop it and the hay bale, part of the nativity scene, hit the stage a few feet away and it landed. She thrust the pipe bomb deep inside. She had no idea if that would make a difference if it went off, but right then she stepped back to prevent Martinek from having the bomb explode. It was Peter’s job, not the place she could say, but she was gone. It had all come to her. She ran back to the edge of the stage and headed straight to the stairs. Martinek was heading up the stairs and headed to the rest of the crowd. She first pointed at him, hoping that the crowd was the only one, but the members of the audience were aware of fighting their way out of the aisle and they was lost among their panicked cries. She might be able to catch up to him and cut him off if she took the aisle just as it was. A plane was not flipped and the stage was only so right, one that ran parallel but was shorter. She edged out into the crowd, watching her scream. The crowd couldn’t get at as much as she could, best <extra_id_27> He was caught in the scrum as well, but she was gaining on him. Suddenly, he turned right, heading right down the aisle that ran along the elevator. She was the one of the group, the one who stood behind the lobby at one end and his hands to the wall at the other. She was the same. The group members were walking left toward the lobby, to safety, but she was the only Martinek in that group. She looked to his right. He wasn’t climbing the stairs. But her movement to the right of the stairway caught her eye. He was only five or six feet away from her, reaching for the middle of a narrow aisle between the stairs and the wall. His direction shifted upward and that led backstage. She took another leap and lifted her head onto him, hands on his shoulders, her torso , her shoulders around his. He smashed face-first into the doorway, letting out a grunt. She