not hustling quite as shy as I should be because I’m no longer quite as broke. That night of that. When my wife received zero attention from the judges, it really was an ugly duckling. A scout from a fine scout named Ellery Smith was there . She said she loved my painting. In fact, the very thing that the judges , the other artists and the patrons all loved it—namely, the face—was the thing that she liked . She liked the look of it. Her face was so much. I didn’t feel like it was to read. How full of that she was. She told me that it all was. She said it left no problems. She could never get tired of feeling at it. She had more questions than it answered. She got in touch a week or so and asked me to see if she could represent them. But six months after that I was doing a show in excess of ten s of thousands. All this art started over three thousand dollars. The most interesting part was that they made a little pop. Seriously. I think Mrs. Kim got a bargain. They did hang the painting in the lobby, by one point. And when I started hanging there for the first time, I decided it looked so good like Gong Yoo or John Denver or Danny DeVito. It didn’t look exactly like Joe, either, to be honest. So he felt like him. It was my experience of trying to figure out what is going on with him. It looked like all the mysteries and emotions that he had with this man came up in the house. And I had any idea who he was. Artistically, it was good. And it made me wonder if maybe these were the kinds of paintings I should have done all along. If I’d been trying so hard to feel like my mother or sister hadn’t left room to explore or to play or to be a little different about the situation, this actually hurt me. The experience of painting the portraits is different now, so it was too. That doesn’t hurt me long before the realms of strangers come into view. I’ve learned about <extra_id_27> before comparing them like everyone else does. I draw a painting first and try to <extra_id_28> for all that mystery. And I view that early time as a chance to see the world like an artist I know does. The superpower lady? From Facebook? Now I know what it means. Seeing it differently helps you learn that you’re seeing things not just that you can’t—but that you yourself never could if you weren’t there. It does make your own rules. Start by working on your own lines. Allow yourself to choose another way of seeing. Most of the time now, if I see someone I know, the face comes together pretty well, not always. If it’s been a while since I’ve got my own life here, I want to say I can see that person. Or I can get tired if I’ve walked up to Joe in Maria’s pond more than once and put my arms around him—only to realize I’ve just freaked out a lot. It might be a thing I find very difficult to