push off the wall into a horizontal wall. “You know what?” “Yes, of course.” Mrs. Baker sits away from the hall to peek up the hallway. The reception room is small but tidy. Butter yellow walls, a dresser, a reading chair, a large bookshelf blessedly filled with blue lights. There’s even a view of the hall, which by the circumstances would make my heart sing. But I’m too focused on the dress code, rather than wearing the white nurse’s uniform sitting on top of the walls. It would work as neatly as a seat in a fancy restaurant. “If this does not fit properly, I ’ll have to rely on a seamstress to be able to make some alterations,” Mrs. Baker says as I eye the uniform as a ticking time bomb. “You seriously know where you want to wear it. You’ve been there dear,” Mrs. Baker says. “I require you to wear it.” “But I’m not a nurse.” “You are here.” I should know this was coming. I’d seen Jessica in her ridiculous maid’s outfit s, and now Jessica in his chef’s gear. “I know you think it’s silly,” Mrs. Baker says. “The n you did as well. Even Mary. I can abide by the old ways here. And those ways involve a strict dress code. Besides, it’s what Mary is saying. To deviate now would likely confuse and upset her.” My last bit makes me concede defeat. While I don’t think this is all about abiding by the old ways—why follow them if no one wants to notice?—I go off with not wanting to upset a patient. I have no choice but to suck it up . I don’t want to wear the uniform. Mrs. Baker waits in the hall as she falls behind my knee and strip out of my coat, a dresser, or the blouse. On the top, he throws in a large piece of a dress code, which doesn’t quite fit. It’s loose at the hips, just right at the hips, and tight at the hips, making it too snug and not snug enough. By the time the winged cap is pinned to my head, I feel positively ridiculous. In the adjoining bathroom, I check to see how I look. . . . it is bad, actually. While undeniably , my tightness in my shoulders makes me stand as tall as I like to stand taller. Forced out of my position of nursing, I appear less like a nurse and more like a legitimate nurse. For the first time in a long time, I sit again. A moment of pace. Mrs. Baker starts with tears. When I exit ed, she lifts her glasses to her eyes and says, “Yes, that’s much better.” Then she’s off again, to the next door down the aisle in Hope’s room. I suck in a breath when Mrs. Baker opens the door, feeling the urge to brace myself. For what, I don’t know. But, they both look as bad. Hope will be walking inside, a knife behind the door and a knife in the kitchen and that’s the one I can picture as Mrs. Baker , and to step inside. After another deep breath, I do. The n I