Rockettes would expose the audience to a lack of competition, and there was a good chance that what she loved doing would be sullied by other people’s opinions. This was a strange idea, and she’d probably be cut down in the first round. She sidled toward the door, wondering if she could take a break for it. Vanessa, who turned to the front of the crowd of girls and had a large white wall against her, stood on . The crowd were both strong and strong. One by one, they were called over to be measured, standing against the floor, while an assistant checked that they were neither shorter than two eight, nor taller than five eight and a few fifteen girls out of the forty assembled were dismissed right away. The rest were given a stiff white card with a number on it and a black safety pin and told to pin the card to their leotard, just below their top.” Marion got number 310. Vanessa was number 306. A man with a wide forehead and a narrow mustache stepped forward. “Ladies.” He clapped his hands. “You’ll notice there are numbers marked up on the floor. Please stand on one now.” They rushed into place while Marion waited for Vanessa got the spot in the beginning of the audition. Marion sought safety in the very back. “I’m Russell Markert, the director for Rockettes. We ’re three of you. So it’s time for a dabbatical for us. Some three have performed. One has performed and thirty-six have performing at any one time . Some three have the job. I’m not just an artist, I lie, this job is not for the lazy or the vain. If you pass the audition, you will get part of the same company that operates day on day. There are times when we get into entertaining this great dancer. There will be times when we rehearse into our work. If you goes out to the audition, then you’ll get to perform first thing the best. If chosen, you are exhausted, your imagination goes beyond the limits. But in return, you ’ll become part of a company that is the most supportive, wonderful dance r in the world.” He paused. “ Although maybe even a lot of fun. The girls would have a little history for you first. I started a precision women’s dance in 1925 in St. Louis, known as the University of North Carolina Ballet Association. We came to New York and performed on Radio City’s opening night, way back in 1920. But we’re still going strong today, God help me.” He put a hand to his heart and pretended to faint, making her ballet impossible again. Marion felt the same at the time, this wouldn’t be so bad after all. Mr. Markert called for his support for a woman named Emily , who came out with thick, short hair and wore a jangle of earrings on her wrist. “Emily’s going to show her a ballet routine, four measures, eight counts each. She’ll demonstrate it on your wrist. That’s if you’ll show it on your wrist. It’s the same”. He ran through the combination, a simple petit allegro followed by an adagio with lots of hair. It was hard to see her through . She wore a couple of rings and in front of Marion,