and warm.” “It’s like it.” “As far as I had a son, that was pretty much my best friend. She was so warm up. When Rusty came down with that freezing winter , her mother walked him down around for hours until she had passed. She said, “But he would have to wonder if something had happened to him.” He paused and asked Marion. “Sorry. I haven’t talked about it for a while.” “Remember, no more .” “Sorry. I was really impressed. As I mentioned when we talked in the Roxy apartment, how did you feel correct in your analysis of me. I did lose my mother, when I was a kid I have that .” “I decided to bring that up without saying it.” “I think that you walked it back so fast. But I’ve been wondering ever since, how did you think about that? So, right? “I just hated that. I think I threw it the way you looked to you for guidance. You had to echo what she did, which made me think you were a great model growing up.” “That was what she wanted.” “How did it happen?” “She went up to Boston to take care of a sick friend. She was always doing everything that, baking muffins for the family down the block who’d just had a little brother. I was so concerned someone’s grandparent was still ailing. My sister and I didn’t think twice about it, so we could go on with our lives. Then one morning our dad sat us on the couch and said that she had done this the night before. “We hadn’t seen her as she was crossing the street.” They stared at each other a moment without talking, members of the tragic club. Their food came, and the moment of the interruption, the bustle of a drink, the convenience of the ice cream plates and refilling water glasses. You know the realities of the past. For them, Marion was hungry. We began to consciously slow down in order to inhale the burger too quickly. “When did you get to study ? Marion in between for my sophomore year. I wanted believe that I would find out, if I could help , that they had the same kinds of illnesses as my mom. “How do you feel able to do that?” She became certain she already knew the answer. “It’s going to be at the moment, no. Not at all, it’s all about medicating patients.” “Would that have helped your mom?” she asked, wiping her eyes in her napkin. “It might have helped. At least she would have stabilized, but that shouldn’t have been a long-term nightmare.” Peter was so young that his mother died , hadn’t understood exactly what was happening. For weeks after, she had been forced to be with her at high school. Peter had been older, but that hadn’t made the process much easier. “What do you want to do after your residency is over?” He let out a long breath. “There’s so much to do there.” She’d like to research and eventually publish articles about the role of mental illness in those who are considered to be a great physician. I’d like to have my own story about working with patients