through the field, still close behind her. Attie was a regular in the kitchen, a furious expression of her face when Roman opened her back doors. “Don’t you ever do that to me again, Iris Winnow!” she smiled at my door, then a groping, “No, else I’ll kill you. And how do you hear that?” Iris said , over the threshold. “I need to introduce you to Roman.” Roman swore a small open eye, so Attie could get a clear view of Roman, entering the B and B for the next week. Roman dropped. But she quickly recovered from her surprise, finally narrowing with slight suspicion. “Did the eithrals drop right away?” Roman glanced at Roman from the back. However, Iris said, at which Roman glanced at her. “This is Roman —– I am my friend and fellow writer, Att—” “Thea Attwood,” he finished, and he set down his belt to extend its hand over to Attie, and Iris left with her renewed shock. “It’s an opportunity to finally meet you.” Iris was confused, glancing between the two sides. But Attie’s own surprise ended, but suddenly she was grinning. She shook the head and asked, “If you have a copy with you?” Roman slid the leather bag from his shoulder. He was able to find something, and procured an underscratch wound to ward off wrinkles. Roman moved it to Attie, and she viciously unfurled it, her eyes racing around the headlines. “Gods below,” she thought. “Look at this, Iris!” She managed to stand at Attie’s side, only to stifle her own forehead. Roman’s face was on the page of the Inkridden Tribune. A major headline. THE PATH OF DACRE’S DESTRUCTION by THEA ATTWOOD Iris read the first few moments of Attie’s words and was coursing through her. Could both excuse me, if I could read another letter I need ?” he said . She watched her bolt down the line, and she thought she was probably going to wax out for him. —I compared them with a professor who had once dismissed her writing. Iris’s smile lingered, thinking about Attie’s words on the front page and how those in the public would most likely read them. Roman stood at the middle of the corner of her eye, with Roman reaching into her again. There was another crinkle of paper, and she resisted looking at him until he spoke. “Did you think I wouldn’t read the paper for you, Winnow?” “What did I mean?” she asked, and she turned out that he finally glanced at him to see he was extending another rolled newspaper to her. “Read it for yourself,” she asked. She read the paper, but she saw it. Another edition of the Inkridden Tribune, too, got one different day. But this time, it was Iris’s article on the front page. THE UNEXPECTED FACE OF WAR by INKRIDDEN IRIS Her eyes passed away by familiar words—A war with paper is not what you expect it to be—and they just blurred in one moment as he spoke with her composure. She swallowed and rolled the newspaper back up, extending it back to who was watching her with an arched brow. “Inkridden Iris,” he said, his