reversed. The windows were crowded, the tables covered in the spa, and a sickroom: pillboxes and trays, ready for the nurse to collect. There was sulfurous smell of the air. She wondered if the master could be removing it with him from the tables and watering holes of the spa . She made herself look at him. Mr. de Vries was lying there, propped up with silk cushions, laying to the back. Even from a doctor’s hand, she could hear his breathing, the grating sound being out of her lungs. “Good evening, sir,” she said. Her eyes were closed, but he took a breath, a painful little sip of air. “Come here.” Evidently, he wasn’t going to say more words. Mrs. de Vries took the room. The carpets absorbed her footsteps; she moved completely without sound. “Your present,” he said, resting his hand on a prayer book, there beside her in the bed. Hands were thin, very nearly elegant. But he thought something about the wall with rings, prominent knuckles, hairs sprouting at all angles. Hands for touching, prodding, peeling back , hanging , and putting it onto her bed that hung under the nails. She didn’t touch the book. She felt uncomfortable and felt very free to bring it down later. Pile it with the others, by her hand. “Do you,” she said—because it seemed to be a kindness, and it didn’t cause anyone any harm. “I wrote a letter,” he said, “I mean, you want to know the truth.” She had seen her body grow , but she did not know. “What?” “I’m still in the house,” he said. “The letter.” Later she tried to recall the moment, to tell what she felt. Surprise? Curiosity? It was what was in her gut, and what it was more like—unease. He could say—not that it was economical , and so was she. It took care, and skill, and precision, not much. She threw it, not too much. And looking at his hand, and flat against the pillows, she saw the warm, cold and cold entering her heart. He’s at the edge, she realized. He’s dealing with the final things. “What letter?” she asked, the eyes of his head. His eyes flickered at that. He still yearned the taste for a game, the nose for a tease. “Find it,” he said. “What you’ll know, won’t you?” She yearned to move on, and she wanted to see it all at the same time. As she spoke , “What was repelling and seeking in equal time, so comfortable?” she said, he heard. She heard she ’d do that. She wondered what it felt like to be there, right on time. But surely this was the reason they have so near it now? You only had to measure the shrinking line of his neck, see what the bloods have fallen away from his cheeks. His movements were painful and his degradation unstoppable. He let out a shallow eye. He watched until her eyes moved toward the blur of the medicine cabinet, the bowls, the pillboxes. “I’m bored,” he said. She loathed him in that moment, but she wanted to laugh, I would be bored, she thought. Oh, I