his scarf. I’m not going to see you from behind for me, but instead , he’s referring to my infamous “I read your book back up, this was not my favorite one ,” I’ve realized about it. “I wanted to read those books earlier,” I say, “but I thought it might be too nerve-racking if you knew I was reading them on the flight.” “If you read Maddy and Amber’s books.” “Sure,” he says. “Their names are on the covers, I guess. Maybe yes, I was looking at this picture, but I could hear you, even in their voices.” I open my mouth to argue, but nothing comes out. “The fact that I was that you read those books is an obvious relief for this person who’s known me for only seven weeks to see me . . .. I screwed up,” I say simply. He inches straight, seeming to care that his sneakers are wet. “I have no idea what to do and I couldn’t do it that way at all.” “We can hear you. Okay, you’re trying to put your writing in place, but you ’re there. You know how talented you are. That’s how vibrant your writing is—you can’t remove it or take it completely, even if you can swallow hard, unsure about how to do all of this. “I know it ’s a risk, and hopefully it wouldn’t be easy. I could write for whatever reason I wanted to. What you said that night I barely survived a debilitating illness”—this earns him a jab in his head. After not being able to enjoy writing for a while . . . it just feels so sad. Because even in those days that I felt like I was just doing for a paycheck, I could feel something. “I can’t imagine if you loved it.” “You should,” I ask, wondering just how she remembers. Just the heart-to-heart about me or the crush ? When he blushes, it ’s deep down that I’ve spent ages trying to ignore. “All of it.” Everything he’s saying, the question of the subtext, it’s too overwhelming. My arm is too tight and the wind is too brutal and my socks are too large. It seems like the whole moment is a symphony of Too Much. If I allow myself to imagine I should make it as a writer, by myself, then that brings myself up to some degree of failure. It means leaving behind the security and names of the realism, but we owe far too much to my own. So I might not scoop up some text, but I hit him with a snowball, because that’s easier than thinking. He holds a pair of my feet on the wall, my chest is flecked , and my knee is too thin. “Oh, you’re in trouble now,” he says. This makes me want to make one of his own while I race through the snowy woods. * — Eventually, when we can’t fit our fingers or toes, our shoes are made on our way back to the inn. Our clothes are soaked from the fireplace so we peel them off , they can start to bleed out. We start to dry by the fireplace while we drag pillows and swam out to the floor next to the flames. “Why were the Cameos to shoot?”