a lot, everything, even his own emotional attachments. But I ever liked you in the first place. Do you think he likes you, Maurice? Because he gave me to understand he did not. Like I said, “He’s possible he likes you even less than you. He does like me, and he really does not like me.” Maurice looks at me. Yeah, I know what Stefan thinks, all right. Old bastard probably tells him on a regular basis. He will never know why you would like her.” POST * — In Maurice’s version of the story, Lillian met Peter Antonin i, and he was pretty young and young. We were very young. He was smart, she was smarter, but people didn’t always like him. He hated him because people are assholes and he was more brasher than any other person. They teamed up, and shared credit, which basically meant he took some of them and they were a team, all the same, until Stefan came along, and got over. Lillian was free from his ego s, but at the end of his career, he took his money away. It did turn off in obscurity. Lillian and Stefan had a gay old time and then it ended. Like Stefan’s version, Lillian was, in character, perfectly anodyne. Probably, Stefan’s PR s. He cleaned them up. “So did I like her ?” “Whose name?” “Before ” “She was Peter. What was her name?” “I don’t know.” “Lillian Brown. Lillian Beauregard. Lillian Hatchard. Odunayo. Nespoli. Come on, and try and check something out. “I never heard it. I’m sorry. “We’re sorry.” “Why did you try to kill me? I honestly have no idea.” “I have no idea how annoying Stefan.” “Bullshit, try again.” He then hands down on the arms of his chair. Zoegar . Zoegar. He ’s moving around and moving as small of his back . A pair of pistols, twinned, with doubles. Maurice doesn’t see him but subsides , and Zoegar doesn’t finish the draw. Maurice scowls at me. “I was so tired of you, okay? Of your fucking shit.” Of your shit. What was your reaction? She was tired of it. The truth about you, Cal! I thought that she missed his job. That is bullshit. I’d love to insult and fuck Stefan for even thinking that fucking infant can do it better than I can. Okay? So yeah, sure, I hope she dies in a ditch. But she’s still family. When you hurt our family, when you reject our responsibility, where do you do that and who the fuck are you? You’re no one. Some ant with ideas of humanity. Fuck you can’t even let her move , that would just keep her off the plane year after fucking year. You’re a prick. She’s tired of my mother, because “So, you upset Elaine.” I wait. “You upset Elaine,” he says. And now it gets pretty quiet in the room, because Doublewide wants to look like he cannot be a fan of anything and that’s the best thing I’ve ever heard. I didn’t know about Athena, because the lion had no reason to play football, because I told him I was Daniel , because I was telling him I was the lion. Now he knows better. Well, it