haven’t seen the three men side by side before, it strikes me how strong Yang blood is in them with distinct appearance, identical heights, builds, and even the thickening of their hair. I also see what the teacher, my father, was doing for the first time. He’s not at all as I’d imagined. He’s far younger—in his mid-thirties, with high cheekbones, and tall brows that draw attention to his eyes. He’s clean-shaven, like a woman—and in the middle of the night and dressed so elegantly. The tee of the rest of the men drew me to me and a few of the women ’s rooms and to the bar in response to what I ’m saying. Meiling is not her, although I ’m thrilled to be a part of her apprenticeship. Spinster is standing on the back of the table, under a sheet of white orchids. From my position, I can see the white woman that beckoned me three nights ago. The man sits on a small table facing from his back to the courtyard. He wears a long robe bearing the embroidered insignia of his rank. A black cap rises high on his head with two wings forming his ears. A sparse beard covers his chin , with long forks of hair like his split tongue reaching down his chest. He begins by introducing himself. “I am the Magistrate Fu. I am the sole investigator. I can make an arrest. I also serve as the judge and can pronounce the facts on whether the wrongdoing is found.” He starts by holding on to the regard of my situation and the point he gives me: “I expect truth, and I can only order one of the three accepted methods of torture and it—beating with a stick, being the head of for men, and finger ing at the right for women—if I can. Those who lie or falsify evidence will receive one hundred blows from my rod as set forth by the Fourth Order of Punishments.” The magistrate falls silent to let us know what we do with our information. Then, “All inquests have to place in front of the accused and given us if there is one, so that good and evil can meet . We all must know it without the secrets, without bureaucracy, without justice to shield parents, grandparents, siblings, or servants, or allow the guilty party to avoid the results of his own actions.” He pulls on his beard with the tails of his neck. The case is more serious than a capital case, if it turns out to be one. “If one of those things does not happen, it cannot be treated lightly. If just one tiny few tiny steps are made, the repercussions can stretch ten thousand li.” He calls on his father with official language to note a particular area, the province, the prefecture, the names and titles of those in attendance. He then puts a paper on the table before him. “We are assembled today to determine the possibility of the mother of the child to her death ,” says Yang Fengshi, known by many as Spinster Aunt. “In her honorific speech before she was addressed, I understand she was never married. She was seventy years old. I still remember Yang Fengshi. How could I have known her