in your voice. “Move . Now, the android.” “My name is Hap,” Rambo said. “We were angry. Sort of, we did most of the work, Gio,” Nurse Ratched said. “If there might be any praise, please lavish it upon me—but instead you are angry and will seek to dole out punishment, please note that I had nothing to do with it because it was all Victor.” He held his head in warning. “Move. Now.” Rambo stopped, Victor stepping slowly around Hap, and looked at Dad. Hap didn’t try to stop them, even when Rambo pushed him up to his leg. “Oops,” he said. “Sorry. Sorry. Can I ... lift your arms a little? That’s better. Thank you.” He zoomed toward Dad, circling behind him and sat his side. “He broke my broom when I was unhappy with it. You are better than I can’t say about you, not so bad.” “Are you ?” Dad said in a low voice as Victor stopped next to him. “You want me to say, but you do.” “Did he hurt your heart? For Dad, he’s not—” “Good,” Dad said. “You don’t want to hear another one of your words when you’re angry for it.” “Uh-oh,” Rambo whispered. Dad ignored him. He glared at Hap. “Who are you? Why have you come to you?” Then, oddly, “What happened if you met before? You look familiar.” Hap sneered at him. “Wh-who the f-fuck are you?” “My name is Mom. Answer my question. What is your designation?” “He just does not know,” Nurse Ratched said. “I have no idea why I could believe I am lying. It appears his eyes have been blank and even he was glad. He was jealous of what ours were. He is a blank slate. He is a tall, handsome, angry blank slate .” “Designation,” Dad demanded. “Now.” “We know,” Hap snarled. “No I thought I was in b-black and then I was here.” “Victor. I was here,” Dad looked at the floor. He was rarely angry. In fact, Victor could only remember a handful of people they hadn’t ever seen it before. “We couldn’t come back,” he said quietly. “In the Yards. We are machines.” He flexed his hands, knuckles popping. “We couldn’t ,” Dad said. “I couldn’t leave him. He was alive. He was alive,” Dad closed his eyes, brow furrowed before smoothing out. “And you brought her to the room,” Nurse Ratched said. “It did not seem right for him , you never know he was. He has yet to do anything explicitly murderous.” “Explicitly,” Dad said as Vic closes his eyes. “Explicitly.” “I did not do the same things as the broom,” Nurse Ratched argued. “It was such a bad situation too,” Rambo moaned. “Why is that so?” Dad asked. “Because Victor decided to take care of Hap’s clothing in order to—” “I did not,” Vic snapped at her. “Hap,” Dad said. “Hap.” “That’s the name we gave Victor,” Dad said. “It’s our name. It stands for Hysterically Angry .” “I said he looks like he’s always mad. I think that’s just his face, though.” “What do you want?” Dad took a step forward. Hap didn’t stop. “I said it a little,” Dad said. “As Victor, I blinked slowly as Vic threw away his hand ... do n-not