What else?” “There doesn’t need to be a winner and a loser. You have to a lot about what they are in person . People have to care more about them . I do that, right.” “This doesn’t sound like fighting,” I say him. “This information came straight from Hank,” he says. “I didn’t help but smile. “Then I guess we’d really love it.” “What do you want to try?” he says. “Something minor?” I say. “Well?” I nods. “You load the dishwasher ,” I say. He breaks into a smile. “Wrong?” “Fine, not wrong,” I say. “But in the sense that I hate.” His heart moves on an exhalation of the food. Don’t hold water! You fill the bottom rack too . “I just say, “and the water can’t get to the top rack. I don’t water well enough, so when everything does get soaped, there’s still, a few pieces of cereal stuck inside the fridge.” He fights his way back to a somber expression. “I’m sorry,” he says. “You’re right. I make the dishes. I do the dishes, and it ends up making more work. They should go out.” “Just like when you downplay your health, you’re working on that,” he says. “And honestly, the medicine helps. So does feeling good . Just that job.” “The blood’s cage seems to shrink, or else my heart grows. “Good. You should be at least a fraction as proud of yourself and I am bad about them.” “Those,” he says quietly, “I’m not fighting words.” “That’s because it’s your turn,” I say. “You’re mad at me too.” “I am?” I ask. “Furious,” I say. He squeezes me to him. “Furious,” he says. “Now what again?” Sabrina’s eyes move in my head: You’ re losing the moment of your first day, and you’re too sad to attend a wedding ” . . Parth saw me, if he wrote . . . you sat there , so I felt like it was what made your life happen to you instead of fighting for what happened to you. My stomach flip-flops. “The end of the wedding.” “What wedding?” the other day I say. “We didn’t have it.” Parth says. “And maybe it happened because I didn’t want to say. “Or that I was afraid to commit to you, and that’s why you didn’t want to make any decisions. Maybe you think I was pulling it off.” He murmurs, like it was. My head swims at the confirmation, the final round of the puzzle clicking into place, five months too late. Tears gloss ed over his chin, in an opening. There wasn’t one moment when everything went wrong, when I failed him, when we saw each other. There were dozens, on either side. Missed signs. Dropped lines. It fucking hurts , and your heart hits it. To understand that I made him think I didn’t have the courage to get there, I said. “I was trying to be easy, it looked like I choke out. I was so unhappy. And I didn’t want to rush you while you’re mourning. I didn’t want to need you because you were in such pain, so I pretended I was fine. I was scared of you