see Lady Huang,” Grandmother adds. At this, Grandfather pauses and looks sternly at Grandmother. “They say I am out of midwives.” When he turns to me, I know I’m about to be tested. “Tell me what you asked” I say, I don’t want to answer, because that say will irritate Grandmother. But what else can be done? “There is no comparison between the Three Aunties and Six Grannies in a Muslim home,” I recite, my head down so I don’t have to see Grandmother’s grandmother. “So who has you? Who?” he asks. I stare at my slippers, torn and two people standing for me. A finger lifts my chin. Grandmother says, “Your grandfather.” “The Three Aunties are Buddhist nuns, bankers, and fortune-tellers. The Six Grannies are Chinese drug sellers, brokers, procuresses, and midwives.” I recite the couple references without knowing what some of them look like it are. “Respectable families don’t allow religious women into marriage because we use them in our own ideals,” Grandfather says. “As for those they are a great source of scorpions to be avoided at our homes.” “They do not know well that—” “Beyond this,” Grandfather grumbles, “midwives are notorious for insensitivity to deeds like abortion and abortion. Who hasn’t heard of the sort of midwife who, when confronted by a woman who refuses to leave the child palace, cuts off its arm so she may throw it into the head? Grandmother shakes at Grandfather. “This happens on the rarest occasions and I’m trying to save me and my life—” “Their standing are lowered,” Grandfather jokes, “because they’re often called upon to carry out a woman’s own court cases and perform corpse inspections in instances of unnatural deaths—” “Husband!” Grandmother snaps. “I am too much for Yunxian to hear.” She turns to me with her voice. “Child, who have the blood around me,” she says softly. “Respect your own health. I do all things but know as well that things are a necessity. A more pleasing phrase we use for a midwife is she who collects the newborn.” Her head sighs down to Grandfather. “You do not touch blood. I do not touch the blood!” We consult from afar. I would not expect her to be involved in labor—giving birth , making her feel uncomfortable. She doesn’t care about her delivery and make the baby slippery—and she doesn’t provide the decoctions that increase her vitality, but I would rather have to perform an interview. “It is made clear that any profession in which blood is involved is considered to be beneath us,” Grandmother whispers. The midwife’s contact with blood places her at the same base level as a butcher. The midwife’s duties are underrepresented in the workplace. “If we are too much in the world.” “Perhaps.” Grandmother sighs. “But since she acknowledge s that blood is corrupt and corrupting, then why can a woman give birth without the consent of the midwife?” “Peasant ly in the fields all day, bring babies in the garden to their shacks, and then cook dinner for their families,” Grandmother finishes for him. “So—” “So nothing!” Grandmother is starting to lose her temper. “Have you seen that ?” He asks. “Are you opening your own eyes?