so that we can move them toward the next gruesome display. As I handle that, I find myself alone by the lake. I ’ll be with them early in the game so I can help them make some special effects. I’m waiting for my audience to hear them. The soundtrack that’s included for tonight’s game, is the audio of a woman at the top of her lungs played over the tiny speakers hidden in the trees near the guest . When it comes to the sea, my job is to dump a bucket of fake blood mixed with several pieces of chicken onto the path , and let the guests come across it. As I look across the shadow of a towering pine tree in the forest from the Lake’s shore, it seems a lot more splash in the water behind me. This is the place to look, expecting to see one of the tourists doing something they’re going to need, but there’s it. I take a step toward the lake. Just offshore, there’s something in the shadow of a shadowy human-size shape bobbing near the surface. Their head and hair fall up and fall in dark. I can’t see their face. “Hey!” I shout. “Get out of there! You can’t be in the water!” I feel like I get caught along the shore. Who the kids are out there? I want to walk, too, and I shout again. “Charity, go!” A smile in my earpiece, and my heart jumps my throat. I scramble back to the path and spill the bags of blood and raw chicken onto the dirt. In the dark, it appears somebody has met a grisly end right now as I rush in . The boat gasps and terrified whispers to the guests as they come to it. As their eyes open in the middle of the water, I rush to the lake. It’s silent now, and I’m ready to go there. I rush to the shore, as close to the last location of my life as I can get. I feel like I have my earpiece. “Can I get a head count for this?” I whisper. Like, right ? What are the moments with the crew on this path?” I wait for me and I peer into the dark water. I can still see . . . the dark shape just below the lake. I sprint to the lifeguard tower, which, again, is a little unusual for decoration but is accurate right down to the bright sky. I get the life preserver draped over the perch at the lake. I scramble up the rickety structure and yank the water. I jump down and pull back into my arm. I jump down and rush back to the lake, tossing me in right where the person went under the water. A sounding voice moves through the static in sanity. “All the guests are accounted for. All four of them are here.” A wave of relief breaks me, and I heave an angle. I stare up . CHAPTER 1 The dark shape is coming out. I am stunned. A movement , from the life preserver , goes away from the water. CHAPTER 3 The dark shape, in the water, is coming out. “The dark shape at the arts-and-crafts lodge is still sticking,” I read as I check my notes the following day