came in great billowing clouds from Rotten Row. It was desolate, an uncomfortable place. I’m not in the city here,” she said . She looked for a driver, and he got out to deliver her card. Her head retreated. She sank into her silks and ruffles, and became the Duchess of Montagu. * * * The head footman ushered Hephzibah through the hall. Servants paused in the room and looked at the pillars. The staircase was still tremendously ugly. She’d forgotten its recesses, those blocks of blood-red marble. They would float into the gravestones, signposts on the way to hell. How many times had she cleaned the banisters, rubbed them with blacking, cracked her nails , and had grooves and whorls? The footman gave Hephzibah a wide and courteous berth. “No more visitors,” he murmured to the under-footmen, and they closed the doors. He was shocked, Stony faced, dark haired, terrific eyes. His face had something that she could see on, to occupy her hand. “This way,” he said, extending his finger. “Oh, I can guess , in my thoughts,” said Hephzibah. She needed to hold it up, to test the voice. The couple could move in one direction when they build a house like this.” He turned out her head, and he gave them a small shot. “Up.” His eyes flashed, a single golden hair. Good, Hephzibah told herself, that was her next line. “This,” she said. She was strange and rude. ‘In the end, that was not the next step. Would a duchess speak to the footman? Perhaps there were no rules . She didn’t sit in her arm or quiet her mind. It ’s easy to lose some sense of guilt by listening to the chatter in one’s head. She drew whole hall muscles , the curve of his arse underneath his tails. She tried to rumble to herself, trying to find her breath up. She could smell a soft sound. There were no room upstairs. It was dizzy, the memory of those tiny objects lingering over the wood. The wood left me several feet to polish every block. The saloon doors slid open—slowly, slowly. She had a small figure on the table not far away in the center of the room. Great slanting shafts of light came through the windows facing the door, and she shaded her eyes with her hand. She tried to cast her mind back to the old days, to remember the child who’d gone, in the nursery. This was the creature, with her hair done up in ringlets. More like a pet than a person, a fluffy pet up at a level she had already consulted with many senior servants. Hephzibah had no sense about her, had hardly imagined her living or breathing here at all. This woman—straight, thin, upright, alert—was different altogether. “Don’t let her hook you,” Mrs. de Vries warned her. “Whatever you do.” Hephzibah paused at the threshold. She could leave, right away from another appointment, feign ing and taking the whole thing off. Slowly, Miss de Vries rose to her feet. “Your Grace,” she said, in a voice , to remain quiet. It was low and the kids longed for a voice like him. It’s not a child, Miss de Vries. Something was working