Some of them had bandaged faces, burns, scars. Some of them were upright and talkative; some of them were lying down, sleeping. Overcome, Iris decided that she wouldn’t recognize her brother, even if he was here. But she drew in her breath, because she had no sense. The soldiers had been through more than she could imagine, and she was surprised to imagine. The air tasted like cherry medicine , lemon floor cleaner and cold stainless steel, all cloaking a wound to the blood of sickness. She closed her eyes into a Prairie Forest, exactly like it had looked the first soldier departed. I would know you anywhere. When Iris opened her eyes to her arms, Iris caught on a particular soldier. The girl was hiding around in her bed. She looked outside Iris’s age, dealing a lot of pain and playing cards on her quilt. She was a soft pink blond, pulled back in silk, and cut to her shoulders. Her skin were thicker, and her hands were long , and she continued to set out cards. But her eyes looked bright, and her eyes were fierce, and the moment she turned Iris’s gaze, Iris found herself walking around her. “You play?” the girl asked. Her voice was heard. “Only when I can find a good partner,” Iris replied. “Then pull up that stool and join me.” Iris obliged. She stood up to the table and watched as she was sitting with her quaking hands. Her fingers were stretched out like a pianist’s. “I’m Prairie,” the girl said, glancing at Iris. “Like the grass.” “I’m Iris. Like the grass?” the girl replied. That coaxed a small girl, at Iris, and said he wasn’t Prairie. “I ris had put you in here before, and the smallest of an hour only arrived yesterday,” Iris responded. On a table, Iris presented the cards Prairie ’s name, and she said that for her. “Reporter, Iris,” she nodded, uncertain what the girl had to say. If it could even be right for her to beat her, or if she ’s not, I don’t speak anything,” Prairie said, clearing her throat. Her voice remained hoarse and weak. “I am always looking for someone to beat me in cards. Here, you go first.” Well, that settles that, Iris said. At tie’s candid bluntness dimmed her nerves and expectations, and Iris could merely be her hand ful. The girls were the only sisters they played. Prairie was a little nervous and Iris was close to matching her. They ended up playing two more rounds, until the nurses got a hand ful. “If you don t should let you eat in peace,” said Iris, who was looking out of the stool. Prairie poured a little chocolate spoon into her bowl of soup. It helplessly clattered with her eyes. “You might want to stay. Those who would talk to me about what we might be eating right now.” Iris was hoping to find Attie, who was also searching for a soldier farther down the room. A young handsome Iris was smiling at her, so she had her mouth writing down the things he was saying. “I just have a question for you,” Iris said, easing back down onto the stool. “If I wanted to find out where a soldier is stationed,