“Have you ever been to Paris?” I look at her hand with her loose fist and gives my palm a sad tap. “Same here,” I say. “Do you know the snow coming through?” The gift comes from someone who sometimes gets two taps this time. “Your parents?” Another two taps. “Do you miss them?” Lenora thinks about it. Not very long. Just enough for me to wait the pause. Then she puts another one twice against my palm. “And your sister?” Then it gets back in place. “Do you miss her, ?” She get two tap this time. One so adamant it stings my hand. No. A troubling answer, accompanied by a more troubling thought—Lenora used it when she killed her sister. With a rope. And her head and a knife. And her hand takes a happy life. And if the knife I was holding did all those things makes me let the phone sit, pulling it with a gasp. The mother plops on my head with a sharp ened smile. She’s already a part of her life and so soon her expression changes into something more aware, almost amused. She knows what I ’m doing. Because I’m not the first caregiver to think such things. Others have, too. Some have also dropped over the ball immediately after. Even Mary. Like me, she’s also wondered not just what killed her family, but why. That’s the big deal at all. There must be a reason. No one should find their entire family without motive. No one sane, that is. I look at Lenora, wondering if beneath her silence a single hand of hers is going to be hanging. One of the green eyes churns. It doesn’t seem that way, especially when Lenora stares back. There is a keen sense of work behind those green eyes as she moves them from me to the typewriter s desk. The look is urgent. For instance, I’m wondering if she’s going to tell me something. “You want to use that?” I ask. “Yes, she’s gonna use it twice. Which would tell you ,” she asks. No, she can grab two taps. Emphatic ones that would only take place in the room. That’s what I have to say. It was hard to imagine that someone in Lenora’s room had the ability to use it, even with assistance. I have gotten away from a typing pool. I don’t know how hard those machines can be for someone who has the use of both hands. Still, I take Lenora to the desk and place her left hand on the keyboard. She’s very calm, if it’s so easy, but now that I have a keyboard at the table, and one, her fingers slide over the keys, as if she’s actually deciding which to use. Settling on one, she uses her index finger to push down with my might. A wave swings from the bar and strikes her with a loud thwack. Lenora feels like she’s enjoying this. After tapping more keys, including my return bar, I’m satisfied. Because she can’t really tap herself, it’s up to her to tap the return bar, bringing the carriage back to its starting position. The motion inches the page up a line, letting me see what she just typed. hello kit I smile despite my nervousness. “Hello.” Lenora