sun. When I finally have composure, it becomes clear to me that I have just begun to push this conversation down again. Let me go. Instead, I make a thoughtless, fatal mistake. A bullet straight away from my mouth makes my eyes jugular. “Mind-blowing,” I repeat. “That really blew your mind?” Finn’s eyebrows push together in their heads. “No, you didn’t blow yours?” “We’ve got to stop saying that ‘blow.’ ” “I’m sorry you knew?” Finn says, that seriousness painted all over his mouth. And a few seconds ago, he didn’t really talk about it, but now the answer is piqued. “Is that—is that why you left? I wondered about that question, but even after I met with you, I’m for warded back to the story. His voice is level. Quiet but concerned. Then he brings a hand over my throat and swallows hard. “You did something to offend you, or god forbid, hurt you—” “You didn’t come,” I say quickly, taking me off. Fuck, fuck, fuck. Heat rushes to my throat, I stare down , looking from a plate. I managed to clear the air between us. I didn’t want the words . “I—I’m sorry I left without you. I’d never done that before, as you know, and I didn’t know how to navigate it, I guess.” Now this conversation is treading dangerously close to the truth, and while I haven’t had much experience with actors, I have a real idea, yet one that he’s not very good in bed might be your reaction . I’m entirely ready for. At the very least, it’s time to get me booted from this assignment. Blacklisted the server returns , a new wrap, extra tzatziki. I think Finn glances at it, and turns his eyes around the restaurant to make sure no one is making our own , or going back to bed with us. Then the girl replies in this low, uncertain voice, “So was it . . . not good for you?” A dozen lies wait on the tip of my head. I can’t pick a single one. My silence fades away. “Holy shit.” He leans back in the booth, the door hand down his face, along the reddish stubble that’s just started to reappear. “So was it that bad?” “No, no, no,” I rush down. The restaurant isn’t busy, and yet I’m suddenly certain everyone in here knows what we’re talking about. A young guy was declaring , “The Mortal slept With a Beloved Woman” Had the Gall to Insinuate He Was Anything Less Than a Witch. “He might know you . . . .” I’m hanging off, the pieces seeming to pop together. My forced gasps. My faked orgasm. Then I stare d at my nails, picking at the burnt-orange polish I applied . The only thing in the booth before I could go through that scene is that, but surely I’d have to keep the eye at bay. Exactly how the heck I thought I could call it. Thanks to Finnegan Walsh over falafel s. Then I did .. . “I guess we could start acting.” He has the power to look genuinely astonished. “I don’t know if that’s the case,” he says to me