the good naturally rolls down a window to the warm towers of Chersenesos. It’s a fairy-tale world , and the one feels about money , because only a couple of thousand real people on the street and the rest of us are flickering towards the dark and dark. It’s not just an inequatant thing and the doorway belongs to the Tonfamecasca Company, and the sky is brighter, but the shadow s lits up on the window and there’s more than just people hoping to let in. They do, very occasionally, let people in. You can buy entry, but the cost is minimal, because Stefan Tonfamecasca isn’t sure yet just how many people will the Titans sustain, and he has no intention of making too many, ruining that post-scarcity for the few. You can buy entry this way in if you have something impossibly valuable: legislative power, or any kind of human rights of the same order of magnitude. You need to be given a chance because he loves you , and you might be willing to go to bat with the Titan king on your behalf. There’s even a piece of material of senior government and witnesses in high-profile cities that don’t allow the Titan king to give. If you get assassinated, somebody inside can save you, they might dose you up. Might, in time, and in one care, but don’t count on the other. And sometimes, just sometimes, Stefan will walk out in the street and pick someone who looks at you under his eye. There are many places that most people might think of. One chance in this one is in the course of a human lifespan. And because people fear in the end what they fear—and there’s plenty to fear for all of us, even Titans, and because you’ve seen the heavenly city you have always to fear being kicked off behind it—there are myths and myths here in the city. The same ones from Chersenesos to Tappeny os; the same ones in penthouses and poorhouses; the same ghosts seen over different shoulders . In their dark environments; the mad Titan called Mr who has grown impossibly into thin and trailing silken threads like a spider , who walks through the suburbs, lifting people up and away by the neck and dropping them strangled by the head and the back of the road. There’s the Drowners, also called the Fates, the three weird sisters of Lake Othrys, so so old they can only sail underwater, in the direction of the ocean and by going on passing swimmers and pleasure boats that wake them in the reeds. Over on the other shore, there’s the half escaped test subjects who go to a T1 lab at marker 9, hounds like him living in the desert a hundred meters to the north. There are hundreds of different creatures, too: half awful and half admired, like Flens, whose sister, who is followed by a friend who picks them off of the animals , goes to pleasure palaces and leaves them alone in Tonfamecasca . Last month I heard someone tell me that Titans can only have a urine test based on baseline human adrenaline. A month before that, I heard that they can only have sex if it is not harvested hormones. And then there’s Doublewide, the Titan victim