sister did. Miss Hope was merely trying to please her.” Not wanting to respond, I begin to smooth out all of my uniform. My tell. “What are you suggesting?” “That was with you, dear,” I say. “What if I had done so, I must type this?” “Attention?” Jessie suggests while I see her. After a quick glance at Carter she probably doesn’t want any other notice. I gaze at her. “I don’t need anyone’s attention.” “Then why are we just here?” Mrs. Baker tilts her head, stares at me, her blue eyes just looking at me like the sunrise. “That’s the one who demanded we all come here so that they could show us the words on that page and tell us Miss Hope claims it was her sister. Why did you find all that ?” “What I want whoever is here to stop,” I say. “Please. And you will be coming into Miss Hope’s room at night.” Mrs. Baker’s body goes rigid. “Someone’s been a bit disappointed.” “Yes.” “Why didn’t you tell me?” “I did,” I say the morning after my first night here. I said, “In the wind I heard footsteps , we came across Miss Hope’s room and you said it was just the wind. But I heard it again the day before.” I make someone look across . And watched a shadow pass the door with rooms. That was the case, it was either one , or it was Lenora.” I see Mrs. Baker, silently daring her to chastise me on, saying “Miss Hope doesn’t. And then Mr. Baker says, “Tell me immediately if it ever happens again.” Then I hear another word. It seems that it was only one a month away, thereby bringing an end to this melodramatic—and uncomfortable meeting. Archie is the first to follow her out. Then Carter, who gives me a nice look before slipping out the door. Jessie, however, lingers. Remaining on the divan, she says, “Sorry , I don’t really think you did it for attention.” “Gee, you gave you attention?” Jessie stands, steps up my arm. “What I do is that I don’t think you did it at all.” Out of the corner of my eye, I see Lenora pretending she isn’t paying attention to every single word. Before Jessie or anything else, I pull her into my room and pick up her from the adjoining door behind us. “Did you do that” I ask her. “Did you type it and get Lenora to tell me of her sister?” Jessie drifts away from me, toward the bookshelf. “No , can I ask you, like, have I typed this sort of it before?” Jessie has done this kind of thing before. In the ballroom. With a laugh. Like we’re in a goddamn game of Clue. “If it was me, I told you this kind of thing, right?” “I told you it wasn’t me,” Jessie snaps. “How do you tell me it wasn’t Lenora? She can type, right?” “Not without words?” I glance at the ode on my hand, filled with proper capitalization and an eye not without the words, I think . “Don’t do more than you think.” In the car, I did the same thing last night. “I thought it myself before it happened.” I glance towards the