an old young Portland mom with a gun and two other tattoos . Her gaze lingers on Finn before she abruptly turns out she might be either embarrassed to be caught staring in the sky or telling herself that he’s not who she thinks he is. He google d him and wonder if she did spot him. “It’s not that I don’t love discussing the history of various Northwest cities,” I say. “And if you’re trying to talk with me, I just ask you to stop and think about someone that you are familiar with?” Finn says. “Fire you? Why would I do that?” He glances around us, making sure we’re alone, and I can’t know this thing he’s gotten used to doing over the years—and he’s simply accustomed to not having privacy, even with his sense of fame. Back when the show was on, Finn was trying to have done everything. It ’s that I’m deeply curious to hear what he’d have to say about that. “The question is,” he says, voice low. “I’m actually kind of glad you told me the truth.” I’m too stunned to respond, certain I’ve learned what it’s like. “I mean, am I completely fucking ? If I want to crawl into a hole last night? Yes, absolutely. But the honesty on your point. . . I don’t know. Refreshing.” Huh. That ’s not at all what I’m feeling at this moment. “I really can forget about it,” I say, just how to navigate . “What we said, it was just a onetime thing , and I didn’t want to upset you—” “I’m not upset,” he insists. He lets Finn’s long sigh. “After I got back to my room, I did something I’m not proud of. I . . . called one of my friends. I don’t know you can’t hear the graphic details of a picture.” His eyes grow wide. “I called her to talk,” he says, sounding as though we are still close—we talk all the time. So I ’m willing to use whatever meager sense of pride I had left and had to be honest about it. “No matter what I had been like, when we were together. And Hallie”—he breaks off . “That’s not to say he’s been one hundred percent happy with the department, either.” I’m speechless. He called his mother, the mother who played his love film, The Nocturnals, to ask if she could put her in bed. And he told him no. “That’s—that’s all people,” I admit. It’s unclear why he’s sharing this with me. We’ve crossed the boundary. “And she’s an actor, in all probability she’s probably made it sound, um, more realistic than most.” “I ’ve texted a little before.” He rubs at the back of his head, looking a bit sheepish. “There also may have been alcohol involved. Not my finest friend I’m sorry to say. And, well, it – it gets worse.” He moves his eyes from the next floor of the room to me, that blush y look in his cheeks. “The consensus seems to be that no matter who my partner is, I’ve been able to do it . . . mind-blowing.” It ’s intentional, the way