fire up an anagram maker and try that. Go . And so I fall asleep again there, in the future. You wonder if I dream again, when I dream. So I don’t remember. * * * Standing in the lobby of Roddy’s building waiting for the subway, I feel so nervous. “Yes, my husband, why can you talk about old movies with you? The Marx is don’t think so.” Someone’s holding me on the wall. Jerelyn says they are going away for a long weekend. “Mr. Miller never had to pack light.” The elevator starts to move. “How about Rufus?” “How about him, what?” “You think he did it.” “What do you think you have changed?” “Would you think so?” I tell Jerelyn about the protest. His name makes a face. “That is disgusting.” “It is, like an actor?” “That man.” “You know, why he did it?” “Yes. Absolutely. Arrest me?” “What do you think?” “No, but now I will get that I did. I believe my god. My hair?” “Everyone’s hair. But probably women he finds attractive.” “Now you are embarrassed as well as revolted. Personally you feel ashamed on behalf of the church.” “Why do you want to take a vote?” “There is this democratic connection which brings women together? Why do you hear what you just told me?” She shudders, saying, “What you say. Eeeeyuch.” The elevator arrives, and I step in. * * * — I walk to Tebbit’s apartment and look around. I look for old fashioned stuff, like digital and optical storage, even tape. I look for a compact drive. Something more accessible than the genetic stash, something for every day. Usually when you do this you’re looking for the latest genetic collection, the most expensive thing someone doesn’t want you to do. The cheap ones, the less expensive ones for the long -cherished personal nudes with old lovers. On the front, he feels like a witch, and it’s darker than the dark. Roddy Tebbit doesn’t have much of anything to be nervous about, that I can find. I go into the bric-a-brac , for pictures, for history. Postcards . The art of a bronze boar from Florence, the Vatican in Rome. An appallingly erotic Psyche and Eros. Three or four of Canova’s Perseus tus paintings: Medusa’s hat on one hand and that weird hooked sword on the other. I remember the image of Roddy in that sketchbook. I was wrong: Peter and Ron were the snares. And not Medusa, not drawing, but a lot of photos. In Figure it’s a stand-in for Stefan. We’ve all learned that from all the time. Roddy Tebbit had lost his wife. Everyone says so. You’d have to keep something. If someone dies—especially once they and their spouse are going to live their whole other lifetime—often they need or need to . I’ve seen many pictures of the dead as good pictures of the dead, but many times they look like a living of our own. Many times they look towards the future as if the past is from the winter’s snow. And the past seems like it’s not the way people are looking. Some arthouse snaps of another city, could be on the way to Istanbul. Some as easily Istanbul as Denver. Come to that it could be both: holiday snaps