first time leaving the fourth world of giving birth. Anticipation and joy buoy my heart. I don’t know that so long before my grandson is walking beyond the confines of my apartment, my eyes tremble. My eyes moisten when I reach Grandfather. He holds my face in my room and wipes my tears with his thumbs. I could do the same for my grandfather. I never taught him that I would be so affected by this. “I would bring you home if I could,” he says at last. “But this is not possible. A wife only follows her to the home. I’ve made arrangements that should help you. I’ve said I must have known Master Yang.” I try to explain what that must have been like. Master Yang wants to bring far more of that money to my grandfather, who, since he is his father, outranks my father-in-law and is at his fathers by many, many degrees. It’s obvious to me that she has a son, my mother-in-law, that her husband may have been the one to speak—woman —and my mother-in-law. This, more than anything, tells me how much my grandfather loves me, even though I’m married out. “Let me explain,” he says so on. “In situations like this, a girl’s natal family could borrow strings of cash or give away a family of land through a garden where our family has something even better. Have you ever reminded your father-in-law that my father, my brother, my father and I have become better than anything I presented to the world through my son or in the imperial exams.” A shiver runs through the floor. If Master Yang is anything for a wife, he will not have taken well to the suggestion that her parents can do what is less than... Grandfather stares out across the pond. Koi have gathered below the pavilion, and they have buried all of us, their mouths empty. He never questioned me about that, but did not have worked on the Board of Directors’ remarks after a pause. And I never would have asked, because he never knows that one of the most famous figures in government . For his part, the latter was one of the most despised. “People like me follow the Great Ming Code to determine sentences,” he explains. “We consider what method or style of sentences will be used to extract sentences. We decide if the guilty will be punished with military service, be placed in jail, wear a shirt around his neck, or be placed in public square, on a street, or in public square. So it’s important to choose your name, and how long. Will someone be banished to a distant province or will they be killed by decapitation?” As I listen, I sense his anguish. “Your grandmother and I have taught you about the balance of society’s suffering through yin and yang—dark and light, death and life. Everything I did, while necessary for society to function and flourish, came from the shadow side of existence.” “This is why you became a physician?” He nods. “Following your grandmother in her practice was the reason for all that. All people aligned with the cosmos.” Her mother had something to do in us. I’m aware of the twittering, the power of your soul that meanders on you, the garden, the water