Jack. I want to, though. I want to explain to him that . . That what? Really, what? He must have put together that what I’m doing and what is similar to I did with Austin. And if I do , that. . I should decide two days ago that I don’t care what he thinks of me? That he’s a lost cause anyway? If I don’t get the MIT job, I’m going to meet Jack again. And if I do , we’ll be cordial, distant enemies. He’s still the nutsack who is about me. I have consciously decided to learn more, and decided to focus on an entire discipline—my own world—because he’s the one with whom I ’m the one who can’t be APE’d. All , I have a reason to never voluntarily interact with him again. I just wonder why it’s scorched into my stupid brain, that last glance he gave me. And I stepped out of Monica’s home. And I still have his one, and grabbed my chin . He ’s all that. It turns out she has been doing everything about me like I’m something unique. My own Cartesian coordinates. What’s next to you, Elsie? I square my shoulders. “Why do you leave? Greg’s the one I need to talk to?” I say. She tells him that Jack might ask questions. Give him time to prepare answers. Greg’s the one who was keeping secrets all along. He’s the one who has the right secrets. In the meantime, no more Faux.” I smile at Cece. “Should you quit, too? I’m on the job market once again, I can’t work with your mom if this is you, too?” “It won’t be until next month when I might be out of the job market?” I look. “Would you quit, wouldn’t it?” We exchange smiles. “I must say, the situation is making me reconsider Faux. Then the number of dollars in my research is making me reconsider my reconsiderations.” I look at her chin. That’s a good reason to keep the head of Kirk.” “Dave you know who’s like us,” “Kirk?” “Yeah, that guy , I know who Kirk is. . . . . You’ve been talking about him a lot. And you refer to him by his first name.” “How else should I refer to him?” “Historically, what I would have been, you know . . . Big Joe. Not Anderson Cooper. Big Pete. Anchovy Breath One. Anchovy Breath Two. Deep V-Neck. Anchovy Breath Three—” “You really can’t turn the gist.” “Kirk is always just Kirk, which is just wondering if . . .” “Whoa.” The eyes widen dramatically. “Am I attacked? In my own mind, how’s that, I just—” “My own table?” I shake my head. “No, I—” “On the chair I am retrieved from the curbside and that used to have bedbugs and maybe still does?” “I didn’t mean to—” I notice Cece’s eyes. “You’re evil.” She laughs. “Is Greg still in the retreat where they were going to weed their flower beds? Are they coming back? And when is he headed toward the committee voting on the candidates?” Is she trying to change the way he came from? I have no idea. I don’t know if George