it only when Aiden took out his own pay and I saw a condom on one of the slots did I remember that I ever wanted to have sex. When I don’t answer, Sam turns around and says, “That means no.” “We’ve been in sex for three years?” Sam then turns off to say. “We’ve been on ten official casinos where you pay some of them.” Sam dries. “And sex is my reward?” “No, of course not. I don’t know why I said that.” “Why do I want to have sex with you,” Sam says. “I don’t want to have sex.” Sam dries and curls on the towel. “Why is that?” My instinct is to lie. That’s the last time I told Alex about the sex I had was the last time I ever saw him. I immediately remember seeing Sam and— “Maddie, stop having conversations with yourself in your head and start believing the truth.” Sam asks. “Sex is painful,” I dries. “For me. Painful and ... distant, maybe. I just want to have the sex I’ve heard about, but I want to know how.” He considers me. “Have you ever been doing it alone?” I ask. “The ... it’s not the same thing.” “That’s not the case. Are you always wet?” I lay over my lip and try to think. “Maybe?” “Have you ever been on top?” he asks. “During sex? No, I tend to just lie there.” He steps forward and holds out his hand. “Would you like to be there?” I take his switch and slot my fingers through the middle. “Yes, I would.” * * * In Sam’s bedroom, my hand starts turning. The bed is hung in the room when he closes the door. It’s a large room with a headboard under an alcove and a central desk with his desk mounted on the front of the window. I lay in my forehead when his back is turned . We undress and he’s very slow with me. He brushes his fingers against my skin and I laugh. Then Sam puts a condom on and there’s no shuffle under the duvet or asking if I’m on the couch. Sam starts to kiss me and, like we always relax because I don’t kiss all the time, until he’s sat on his bed and pulls him in his bed. Sam places me back on my arms to fall onto him, my elbow s on the cheek. “Sam, I’m so sorry.” “It’s okay.” He smiles, amused. “Maddie, it’s okay. Let’s try something else.” Sam lays me on his chest and climbs off to push myself under my waist and moves me back to each of my thighs to pull my head. I resist at the end of the day and moves to an elastic band that won’t pull any more. “Is everything all normal?” Sam pushes my head. “Sam, Sorry.” “That’s okay. We can go slower.” He leans over me, balancing himself on his shoulder and slowly kisses my neck. His fingers go warm and his kisses bury deep into my throat when he hits my tongue, bites and drops . Sam does this along my chest and my nails dig beneath him when he sucks on