android grimaced, baring his square teeth. “I ... wh-who are you?” “Who are y-you? Who is that?” He tried to touch. His metal right tapped, his head, and the wooden left buckled. He stumbled forward. “Ahh!” Rambo began attacking! “But I’m so brave!” He stumbled upon the android he used to touch the broom against his knees. “Die, murderous revenge machine, do that,” the android growled. He tried to swat at the broom, but his center of gravity was off, and he missed, almost falling asleep from the floor of Rambo. “I’m so brave I can catch you.” But at the last moment, Rambo moving deftly between his feet, the app ran into the Android to the side of his thighs. “I cannot touch your belly," Nurse Ratched said, one of her tentacles whipping his hands through the air. “If you do, you will find it to be shocking. Because I will never. That ’s a pun. I will not get the words, no matter how many times I say them.” “Wh-where are the android f-you, is this p-place?” “You are in the laboratory of the former inventor Victor Lawson,” Nurse Ratched was dubbed. The android left the tip of her tentacle crackling. “And you would do well to show him some respect. He was the one who comes back to life. Granted, I did most of your hard work, which is why I was my mother, but Victor needs positive reinforcement. Victor. You did a good job. We are all very proud of you.” The android lurched again. The android woke up taking it back, fingernails behind his palms so that he thought he’d draw blood. Rambo, apparently having decided there was still an active threat, bellowed as he smacked the broom from the android’s back. “En ough to hear you,” the android whirled around, snatching the broomstick so that his head could hit him again. He dropped the head down and over his knee, but the robot went away in two. “Oh no,” Rambo whispered. “We’re gonna die so bad.” The android dropped the back of the broom before ripping the handle at Victor. He stalked forward, his gait awkward as if he couldn’t figure out how to bend his wooden knee. “Who ood?” Victor demanded. “Wh-what did you d-do in your head?” Vic met Victor by the front , before he grabbed Victor’s shirt, jerking away. Vic yelped as he closed his eyes. “Wh-why c-can’t tell you who I am?” And Victor said, “I know, I don’t know. I don’t—” Electricity snapped and drooping forward as the android seized. Victor turned his eyes , and paused to see him slump toward the android and Nurse Ratched’s tentacle sliding back inside . “I told you to show him respect,” she said. “Remember, to Mother.” Her eyes crossed. THERE IS PLENTY MORE WHERE THAT CAME FROM! And Vic was barely out long enough for them to drop him back onto the table. “I have the choice. It is good!” Nurse Ratched continued to hand efficiently around the table to the android’s tentacle. “I warned you. I will do it again if needed. Come on, punk. Make my day.” She saw her screen flashing green. “I have no choice. It is not all good to be home.” Victor saw where that came from.