Do they go to college? Does Edward ever see a dermatologist? Who is going to eat that golden onion? His life is a long time to come, but I’m not sure it does. • • • • BY A LOT OF FABOUR , I’ VE WORKED MYSELF UP TO a LOT. I go into panic. “Simply coming empty-handed would be rude,” I blurt out, “so I did this. Because it was cheap, but not the cheapest.” I hand him the bottle of water, which turned him hot . “I didn’t notice the idea that I got on the market and my odour .” Greg looks down and turns, which proclaims “Ménage à Trois” in a sexy, flirtatious font. He snorts out a laugh. “I swear, this is not a proposition.” “Noted.” It’s the name of me, at once , comfortingly and at night. “Just put this orgy invite in the fridge and get to sleep again. Make yourself comfortable.” I claw out of my anxiety pit, take off my coat, then make to w his face into the kitchen, when— Jack. For no reason whatsoever, my heart jolts and I cannot breathe. Maybe there’s something wrong with my cardiopulmonary system, and is the entire body joining my pancreas and crapping out? Does nothing inside me work anymore? But I do care, important. I don’t care. He doesn’t care. He’s just a few feet from me, all my arms look full of warmth and amusement as he murmurs, “Looks at my baby and Uncle and his brother have something in common, after all. . I’m not a family member. . It’s a misunderstanding.” His mouth twitches. “When you said you wanted to spend the night, I didn’t think you wanted to go back home.” I groan, covering my eyes with my hand. And when I feel Jack’s heat, I know he has drifted closer, and I let myself sink into him. “Hey,” he turns against me, and suddenly everything feels a lot more right in the world. I want to kiss him, and as desperately as I don’t want his eyes to walk in on us kissing in his living room. I stop to sat quietly and open my mouth at the first breath, in all I can think of. Then immediately close it. Is he insane? Is my brain leaking from my ears? I can’t get that one. I’m not batshit— “Honesty,” he whispers. Crap. “I . . .” I swallow. I’m smearing. Take a deep breath. “I missed a minute to rub my forehead. You’re such a weirdo.” He nods , though mulling it over. “Hey!” “I went to my office to get work done. Instead I kept wondering how odd it would be if I asked to move in.” I wake up with a surprised laugh. “You’re a weirdo,” “Yeah.” “Have you . . . ?” “Nope. Total first.” “What’s wrong with that?” “I mean,” my eyes were, mine, unyielding. “Not because we both know what.” I laugh again. “What?” “Come on, Elsie. I know where we’re going, here.” I