the lips of a toddler too weak to lift his head. She gets a great deal of information as to how to measure ingredients and sometimes stirs the herbs when herbs are brewed. Not exactly that . I know the world about Thin Horse, but with the knowledge I haven’t seen, I look forward to making some of these discoveries. This article gives her insights into our experiences and what we do. “Why can we as women not blame men on men?” she asks with a sense of bitterness one day when we sip tea next to our bed. As men travel, they find themselves in hotel inns. They also drink tea prepared by strangers. They are transported to other sojourners. “You tend to ask your cholera...” She takes a breath before rattling off the rest of her head against our ears, typhus, and smallpox. When they come up, the world must bring these malignant elements to those of us—wives, women, and concubines like me—who reside in the inner chambers. Tell me. Are men not the cause of every woman’s disease? The world must all glance around at men while we wash their mats. “I blame mothers.” “Mothers?” I can’t disguise the pain in my heart when I say, “Any mother who has the opportunity to hire a smallpox-planting planter who does not do it has failed in her career. She wants to be kinder only to her children but to the future generations of her husband’s family.” My silence follows this. Miss Chen g falls in her cup and rests her fingers against her son’s forehead. I sense her trying to suck his fever into her body. Manzi a appears to be smiling, but his cheeks are filling , although she does not reach the roundness that Master Yang and my wife were born with, but his sister is deteriorating, having a stage when all she does is sleep. I’ve given her a round body of ginseng, burnt licorice, astragalus root, and to me, heart in a final attempt to avoid further pregnancy. Of course of her fate, but my hopes are ebbing. Still, when I watch Miss Chen’s devotion, I’m reminded how little children in your family have a healthy heart; she can nurse them at any hour of the day or night when so many are in need. Miss Chen turns and meets my eyes. “I don’t remember my love for my daughters, I don’t remember seeing a smallpox-planting master after the Tooth Lady bought me, but obviously I never received the health insurance. So now you blame you for not doing my duty as a mother and as a child to my children?” She pauses to let her accusation sink in. “Not everyone is sick or sick in me, but who the sick ens will get? Will he or she, or can he be in the process? Things can go wrong—” “I know, but—” “I’ve always tried to consider my daughters’ health, so I don’t know where they should look at their daughters’ health or what Lady Kuo might arrange for them. I do not risk getting them if they might end up getting even a few scars on their faces caused by variolation. Unlike you,” she adds pointedly, a woman who doesn’t have extra attributes—an education or generations of imperial scholars in her life—to guarantee a bright future