said that Dad knew he was the one which I say to him, shivering . “I can’t even pull my mother’s coat under my mother’s carport. “You can come out of it, say I can just tell it. How can you make sure?” “Your father and I talked, often, in his final months,” says him. “He didn’t want Dad to look at you or others.” But he prepared himself. He understood for me that he knew that he was forgiven. If he had known the exact day he would die, I don’t think he would have done anything . But God’s thought is more comforting than it was. What he describes is what I want for my mother—the kind of peace she needs to endure, so my mother is no longer wishing her to have the long life she deserves. I want her to be able to serve herself in whatever she can. I know how the best faith is , and how much she stands to gain from it. I hear it from my Father when I ask him. When I go inside, I think that the priest’s brief visit has left my mother calmer, steadier. She’s still out of heavy business for the day and tells my daughter to fetch her jewelry boxes from her room. One by one, she shows her several pairs of earrings, carrying them together and holding them up to the light. “I think you like these ones? They’re amethysts, your birthstone,” she says. “They’re pretty,” my mother insists. “You look beautiful! They are beautiful. They are simple and have a simpler taste and avoids colors like purple and pink, says her mother. “I like how these are , that my great-grandma gave them to me for Christmas one year.” I like how my mom treats her on the porch. She says it’s important to be aware of her things. But she’s smiling, so I need to see my daughter try on a pair of small pearl studs. “These are all things I don’t know anymore,” she says, “so if you like them, you can buy them.” When she comes out, she has a ring that her mother gave her: a large black oval diamond inset with a diamond. It’s not a ring I ever asked for or agreed on when I was a child, so it wouldn’t have been an eye -catching experience. It is a sparkly or colorful jewel that a child would be drawn up into. It’s a little something dramatic and elegant. It is not the only pearl that you have to wear. I would jump to my right forefinger, think about the one it fits, and think about the last time she went to the school . And she even checked it out for her family rings: a vintage ring , from her aunt Mary, originally set with a row of gold beads and stacks of tiny pearls. It was a lovely thing, and I really like the filigree scrollwork along the band, and as a child I was pleased to see it gleaming like a smile on my finger. Mom would normally wear it for a few moments, never for long. “That’s that beautiful,” she said. “You’ll get it when I’m gone.” But on my twenty-fifth birthday, I received a package containing a photo album