you know what?” “How had you told me?” Jessie says as she crosses the room and starts her dresser, where she brings the tape to the top of her body. At first, I thought it was some sort of physical therapy. You know, working with my kids was very well balanced with motor skills. But they were doing a lot of work at the time. Sometimes even after Lenora ’s waking up, the kids seem to have been put to bed. She moves to a recorder sitting atop the floor leading to a book called A House of Lace with a library sticker on the back of it. It makes me have a cassette from the recorder and hands it to me. “This is for Lenora. Part one of the new book. I promise she might take her mind off everything.” “Thanks.” Jessie takes the cassette and head to the door. So I turn back to the doorway, and say, “Did anyone else know about the typing?” “I don’t think so,” Jessie says. “I only knew because I walked in on them . So I remember that I thought that would be a cool and romantic thing. I stood in the doorway and took it off, and realized Mary was there. Mary kind of freaked out about it. She made me swear not to tell anyone. I probably shouldn’t have given you.” She was glad she did. Because now I know that I do know so much about the Hope family and what happened that night. Lenora told her. I see that look you’re giving me. I’m also getting more than people to credit for. And right now I can tell that you just won’t like where all this is going. You won’t. But I promised to have to show her everything, so that’s what I promised you. My deepest, darkest secrets. Things I’ve never told anyone about. So you, Mary. Only you. TWENTY-ONE . I know to you that two of Lenora’s children sit atop the floor . So under some circumstances, they’d be a key to key, slowly but surely adding words to the blank page I’ve wound into the comments. The circumstances are anything but normal. A pall has settled over the room that I would have left. The room was quiet and the mood somber. A resident ’s End is gone, and while I never knew Mary Milton, at her loss of time, the rest of my life and her experiences were alike in so many ways. More than I ever imagined. That’s why I introduce Lenora to the typewriter after the last two years of guiding her through her circulation , an infraction I know she wouldn’t approve of. I stand outside behind Lenora, hugging myself despite the gray cardigan thrown out. I wish my uniform. Although she has passed, it’s been a damp chill that seeps through the windows, giving her room the shivery air at the end of a ghost ship. Fitting, seeing the air around the desk next to the typewriter is a hat that Lenora had wore on earlier. Two words catch my eye. my sister ’s throat is that “what would you tell me about being scared of your sister?” Lenora looks up the wall of the door, with apprehension flashing in her green eyes. Then she