thing like typing a button to open a door you never saw. A transcendent ing divine threshold. But if there’s anything I can should say at the moment—when my heart is beating wildly in the air, and I would like to come and tame it—is this: It could be a light for me . Your words? A sublime feast that fed me on days when I was starving. I love the gods and the world. And I want you to know that I love you! And I ris. You want to know me. Through the valleys in the firelight and kilometers that once dwelled between us. Do you just want me? —C. The word of the letter but continued to prick at her words. What is the word for sublime? Roman had once asked why at his second-story house that he would do so if he were a prince, trapped in a castle. Divine, she popped from below, where she began watering the garden. Transcendent, Attie had offered, assuming he was writing about the gods. Her heart pounded. She read through Carver’s letter again—I love you, Iris—For the world were open to sinking into each other, and her eyes were blinking back the flood of darkness. Was it true that? And what does this mean? And she whispered. “No, it is good. This is a mere coincidence.” She had never been one to believe in things. Her gaze snagged his bag, lying in the water of the floor. He had once said that she grab a car after he was injured. She didn’t hear his voice, vividly. Iris ... my bag ... I need you ... need to get my bag. ... I need you ... I want you— The world stopped. The roaring in her mouth returned, as if she had been hung through an hour before she was hit by the fire. Carver’s letter slipped across her fingers as she walked inside. She screamed at the bag. She bent down from it, dried dirt cascading in clumps from the leather. Iris held her hand to get the front . His fingers were icy, fumbling. But at last it was open . He dropped his hand upside down. And his possessions began to spill out. A wool blanket, a few tins of black and pickled fruits. His notepad, full of his handwriting. A spare set of socks. And then the pages began to slip. There were so many pages fluttering like a cloth with his handwriting. Now to the page after page, crinkled and rolled marked by type. Iris stared at the paper that gathered at her feet. She knew what they were. She was now getting to her feet. And once she dropped Roman’s bag, she began to retrieve the pages. They were her letters. A bunch of pages came out. First typed to Forest, and then to what she had known . Her emotions were a tangled mess that began to crumble. She stung as if she had never once typed them sitting on the floor of her face. She had been lonely and worried and angry. Maybe you would be a coward for me, for Mum. Or you would never use your gun and rend your