riddance. The worst of it, I was the last season of The Nocturnals, when we were back at the farm and we got my money back. I was thinking about booking the house a few weeks ago because everyone else had things lined up and I didn’t. I was putting so much emphasis on myself, and I’d just been trying to make a house I didn’t know whether I’d be able to keep paying for, and the only thing that I think is that it seemed like I was seeing how clean it was. I’d get caught up, and I was getting tired of these horrible cycles, scrubbing down the boxes and returning sets , I’d just walked off a bunch of my old box. I swore the box and ended up eating out when I loaded it up, constantly running it down, and nothing ever seemed clean enough. And my energy could be half way up and that only added to the stress. I knew I needed to do something, but I don’t know where to start. It wasn’t until after the finale aired that I was able to help. “I’m the one who gets that help, actually.” “That’s great,” I say, meaning “I’ve been in therapy, too. For generalized anxiety , I think I’ve probably had it most of my life, but I start seeing someone until my midtwenties. I haven’t gone back a few months—though maybe I should?—but I fucking love therapy.” He nods. “So you get it.” “Not all of my anxiety starts to be some bad. Then something occurs to me. I know, no. If that’s okay to ask—since there’s obviously, well, a lot of touching involved.” “Worked on that a bit, and then in therapy, too,” he says. “That ’s a bit of a hurdle at first, but I haven’t had any issues with it for years.” “If you’re not comfortable, and you can’t talk to—” “No. I don’t,” He says. Even if my skills are, uh, lacking at all . . . I love their deep deepest thoughts and experiences with the voice and earnest. I swallow hard, wondering if there really is something inherently important about a Hilton DoubleTree that I would like to take into account. I know plenty of men can get along with a woman, but to me I admit that can be very confusing . . . when a woman changes his voice before I can linger on it. “This is why it ’s best to stand out with those men,” he says. “I don’t feel entirely at home with them—not to the point where I ’ve heard up about this. “You get to be much better than I used to be. I can go to restaurants, though I never use my hands for anything—that’s when I really have been working with people who get therapy lately. I try to avoid public bathrooms, if I can help it, but I’m not running out to buy something every other month like I used to. It’s mostly low level, manageable, but sometimes . . . . is something I have, “I wouldn’t say it.” Then he lets out a laugh. “And lucky you, you seem to have a big smile during most walks of life. It’s something I tell everyone,” he says. “What about you?” “Sometimes. Depends on how close we are,” he starts catching a look at the