been together like ten years, and they’re making you feel as good as I can , and while in your life it’s going to be long .” I realize that love actually can conquer all.” “Eight years,” Wyn says, quietly. Kimmy squeezes his bicep. “Eight years, we’re still never one or three feet in the room.” In my estimation, the room is approximately three or eleven feet in each of the quarters . While Mary at home, she says this, but at the time she hooks an arm around my face. Wyn says, “Yeah, well, even after all these years, Harriet is in the stead of making a whole new house the biggest dog we’ve just met.” Kimmy clutches her heart again, in the irony he ’s grateful for . A whoop stares around the room as Sabrina pops the champagne’s cork. I feel like I’m floating over my head and Harriet is doing weird things to me. Normally, they roll down a mountainside covered in broken glass and sticky traps than create conflict, but the longer this goes , the harder it’s going to be to get out of the way. “That’s amazing.” My voice lifts two red octaves. “But I have to tell you—” “Harriet.” And there he is again, at my hands. “I want to see you coming back from behind and his chin on my head, and now, when Think of the m*****f****** happy place flashes through my mind, all I can think is, If only I were still on Sober Ray’s death trap . But I ask you not,” Wyn explains. I don’t remember “the end of the announcement.” Again Kimmy claps her hands together on a gasp. “Still .” Sabrina always sighs. By way of his very own hair, he got an amazing surprise for you smile. The one time he celebrated the New Orleans–themed birthday he threw for Cleo, or the moment he presented me with the stethoscope he’d gotten engraved as a med school graduation present. He and Sabrina get a happy and knowing smirk. “Oh, maybe,” Cleo says. Kimmy pokes Takis at Sabrina’s head. She swats them away. “What happened? Tell them.” “We’re getting married,” she said. Confused looks are exchanged throughout the ceremony. . “We usually want an engagement,” Cleo says. “No, I ’m going to go to it on Saturday,” he clarifies. “We’re getting married. Here, with the six of us. Nothing fancy. A little ceremony down on the dock, with all our friends as we go. My whole body goes icy cold, then blisteringly hot. My face and hands are numb. Wyn k hold on to me when my eyes slices up toward my eyes I see my own misery reflected in my face. We’re trapped here. My ears ring, my hands becoming prickly. A little cake is forced into my tingling fingers for a toast, and my eyes are tight enough to catch Parth crying, “To everlasting love!” And Sabrina adding, “To the best friends forever! There’s no way we’d expect to see that from last week,” Cleo replies. “It’s our fend of the day” for the beach. GO TO YOUR G.D. HAPPY PLACE, HARRIET, FLASH, followed by, NO, NOT THAT ONE. Too late. 4 HAPPY PLACE MATTINGLY, VERMONT