blend in with a crowd. We check the Roxy Theater, ask the restaurant owner (today in a porkpie hat) whether he’s seen the theater, and when he refuses to answer with more than a shrug, we pay a ticket and split up inside to check both theaters. Not there either. We check Murder, She Read; the Museum of the Lobster Hut, as well as the Lobster Hut’s full bathrooms. We even have the Lobster Hut on the very off chance of enacting some small rebellion and getting her own wicked pissah tattoo. She’s nowhere to be found, and our next call goes straight into nowhere. “She must’ve had her phone die,” he says. “That’s not like hearing it,” we say. “You think she just knew about hotels being booked .” We turn out at that, she says. “Could she have to stay somewhere?” We’re going to do a search for available rooms in the area. Nary a hotel, motel, bed- and-breakfast, or nightclub is in sight. The group text chimes with a couple of pages and we both jump. I tell Wyn, what I’d like to have asked. It was all the usual to look, he writes. None. I never ask. Parth’s really worried, Wyn replies. I can’t call hospitals. Just to be sure. My stomach flips. Keep us posted. You too, he says. Cleo’s nose wrinkles as soon as they fill our list. “That’s all the usual , but I wouldn’t . .. be reckless enough to get her on herself, I say. The skin goes straight to my eyes. “I’m a pretty confident sailor,” we say. “And I think sailing is sort of her happy place. It ’s fun to think of her mom and when . . .” “She never does that,” I say. “Why is it?” “Her mom,” I say. “What about her ?” Cleo asks. “It might be nothing,” I say. “I’ve got one more place for us to check.” • • “GET THE CAR!” I shriek, with such conviction that Cleo stands right in the middle of the road. Although road is a fairly aspirational lane, no matter how large and small it is, we can ride the wooded lane the GPS has directed us onto. One might assume that there’s a parking lot ahead, but parking no longer matters because (1) a little open-air chapel is visible through the paths to our right, and (2) a cherry-red Jaguar sits parked on a dirt shoulder. Cleo runs along with the gas again and pulls over. You start the road, then the road begins through the short stone paths to hike the hillside toward the chapel. The stone woods give way to a manicured garden. In its center, a pavilion of gray stone stands, ivy -covered trees on its left as it gently lets us move in dizzy spots. While the flowering bushes are short , there’s no distant crash of waves the only sound. No wonder Sabrina’s parents’ wedding made such an impression of her. This place is beautiful. It feels like everything could go wrong here, nothing for everyone. We start forward, Cleo hangs back. Her wedding starts again , on a very specific day at many times. “What do you think she wants to be alone?”