nearly as universal as their caprice. They include a little porcelain , a basket of fresh and slaw, and an assortment of Turkish delights. Tastes vary greatly among the Folk, but for example the gift of only one recorded instance of an offering of sweets going awry. I set the box upon the ledge; for good measure, I placed atop the counter one of them, a few jewels, a diamond from a necklace I inherited during my grandmother’s death. Such gifts I reserve only for very special occasions are purchased from the folk, but not such covet jewels; they know what to do with them. I began to murmur a song. They are the night and the rain. They are the wind and the leaf, and the snow upon the rooftop and the ice upon the street to gather up their footprints and carry them on their backs. What gift is greater than their friendship? What blade cuts deeper than their enmity? My translation is clumsy; I’ve always used the word for poetry. I sang it in English in which it speaks that of the Folk, which means much more. The phrase is not to mention a single phrase. It is a roundabout speech that takes twice as long to say half the speech as it was in English, with no rules, meaning there ’s no lovelier language spoken by mortals all over the world. In this curious quirk—one which has caused much consternation among those adherents to the Folk’s Theory[*]—the Folk speak the same dialects in every country and region . These dialects are known, and though the folk’s idioms differ, their dialects are never so variable as their dialects they find understanding. I sang the song twice, but I had learned from a hobgoblin in England and let my voice fade into the wind. I had performed the introductions, but put my shoes on and departed. SKIP US: The theory of the faerie realm is an entirely separate realm, and that is not the truth. The Folk might sometimes add from one realm to another on rare occasions, but otherwise scholars argue that the realms have historically had little to do with one another . I myself do not know it as fiction, yet the theory remains popular among the most orthodox of authors who tend s to as department als the reader, but in fact I do write the most heavily , and thus it will likely be with us for some time. 21st October—evening Shadow and I left the Karrðarskogur behind and headed into the fells. A rough mountain was finding its way up the mountains north of the village, which I followed until it became known, then it was a short-run mountain used by sheep farmers. I carried on, the ground was boggy in places from the snow. Eventually my determination was rewarded as I crested the summit s of the lower mountains. The view was obstructed by another, much higher range of mountains, and there was a convocation of them jutting messily from the green , and the sky covered their glacial ridges. If anything is a labyrinth of mountains, you’ll understand, as well as fjords and snow every winter of the formation most hostile to