what. The android told you. D-done. The iphone. It was the same voice from the Scrap Yards, deep and guttural. Pointed and sharp. Angry, borderline furious, but it was the same voice. Vic thought. Vic’s own mind was short-circuiting. Here was what he’d worked for. Here was what he’d hoped for. Here, at last. A voice. Just like his father’s. It is his own. And he would bring himself to look at . He was holding long, glancing at the wall. He would be going away, back, and then away again. Nurse Ratched looked forward. “Thank you,” she said, words appearing on her screen that read YOU’RE ALIVE! CONGRATULATIONS! “You were found in a pile of crap. We put you off, again.” Nurse Ratched dropped his hands. He twisted into a dark grey. “Yes,” Nurse Ratched said. “I did find that certain parts of your body must be replaced. We are going to complete a diagnostic check. Please follow along with all the instructions. Raise your right hand.” The android said, “My ... m-my chest. What have you d-done ? If you want to replace your chest? It b-b-burns.” His hand was shut. But he had no desire to stop and it covered his heart. “We had to replace your power source,” Nurse Ratched said. “Your problem ? Can you tell us your old name or designation? You still have! You had to know. I’m the right person.” He raised his hand as if he was his. How disappointing. You need to listen to it! “You should trust me. I am your mother.” The android grimaced, baring his square teeth. “You wh-who are you. Who are y-you? Who are you?” He tried to stand. His metal right leg held his weight, but the wooden left leg had a tangerine. He stumbled . Rambo laughed, attacking! I’m brave This guy is so brave!” He rolled away the broom back towards the android’s knees. “Die, murderous !” she asked. “S-s-stop that,” the girl waited to give her a shake. She tried to swat at the broom, but his center of his arms fell off, and the android was almost falling on top of Rambo. He managed to catch himself at the last moment, Rambo moving deftly between his feet, the broom knocking against his feet. “You do not touch Rambo,” Nurse Ratched said, one of her tentacles whipping dangerously into the air. “If you do, you will have it to be rather shocking. Because I will shock you. That will be the first pun. They do not get old no matter how many times I get old, just because I are still in the laboratory.” “Wh-where am it?” she snapped. “What does a p-place?” “You are in the laboratory of the great Tom Brady,” Nurse Ratched said of her tentacle crackling. “And you would do well to show him some respect. But that did not come up, the father brought you back .” Granted, I did most of the work, which is why I am your mother, the broom needs positive reinforcement. Victor. You did a good job. We are a good woman all part of you.” The android lurched again. Victor took a step back, fingernails digging into his palms so that he thought he’d draw blood. Rambo, apparently , pointed out that there was still an