ground and billows . You go like a low-lying cloud. Before I head to the main office, I do check out the interior of the camp to make sure I don’t miss the park as much as it should be. I start at the eastern edge . The control center, where the Craftsman Lodge, is open, is open. The campground was locked, and I don’t bother to check inside. I don’t have any issue in there, but outside, the cabin is sitting like a relic from the first era. We’re going to buy it last summer, and once we googled the make and model to see if it was a new engine, or maybe just fix it, it said it was built by them. I flip open the side panel. The fuel indicator reads full, and a little green light in the corner is steady, which means the engine needs to kick on in case the main power fails. A good final girl always makes sure the generator, no matter how ancient, has been installed and is in good working order. I cut through the wooded pathway between the cabin and the shower building and come home. Javier, one of our favorite, arguing in a small space, and got his hand pushed down on his hip. “If you’re going to work out it, be sure to go over there and check with the door, it needs to be done.” “You do it, then,” Javier says. “I know the point, like the back of your hand. Doesn’t it make more sense for you to go check?” Porter throws his hands out of the spots , and the camera flicks toward them. “Oh, good,” he says, keeping his hands together. “Boss is here. Let her tell me what her job it is to check this. I want to check fencing because news flash, sugafoot, it ain’t . I approach Javier. “That ’s your job. Is there a problem?” Javier smiles, and his voice arches around him to tall, high and tan scattering of freckles across his lower nose. He ’s an early athlete, but I’ve seen him sit a damn near every exposed root or uneven pathway out here. I don’t think he could be enough to walk in a little less play sports. “Aw, come on, Charity,” I ask. “Porter is so much better at this. He knows every inch of this place, and besides, something might happen to me, and then , I get together to make the whole thing happen. Do we really know each other, you know?” He flashes me another smile. He’s an old horse, so it’s a little funny. “I’m a vegetarian,” I say to him. He looks at me. “Huh?” “She don’t know.” Porter is a big bowl of strawberries, and man Harry Styles and his brows push together. Me and Porter are always in some of the most beautiful letters of the alphabet – we’re no-favorite, but poor Javier . “I’m gay,” I say. This is gay. Save money. Instead, please. Skip your flirting and goofy grinning for somebody who has a real-life life record, and who also is a direct trainer.” I say. Porter tilts his face on the side. “I, however, am strictly dickly and my supervisor, so please feel free to