Kenny is very opinionated. He’s Black, wearing a navy hat and a brightly colored necklace. How to brush them both off is a mystery that I suspect has something to do with his attention-drawing . “And I mean it was bad,” he says. “May have put a ridiculous light on it to blind others into thinking it’s okay, but when really? It was just okay. There, I said it.” “It’s garbage, Ken,” Emma says. “Something I have in common with it” We laugh and Jo throws my attention behind him. “It wasn’t garbage,” he says. “I retract that declaration. I enjoyed it, it was good, and it didn’t have good words and I just kept believing those of a high literary standard did.” “But didn’t you love what was written?” I ask, gesturing at him. A pickle falls out the door from the burger in the street, it was so different from all the other bestsellers we’ve been reading . “It was beautiful and raw and written ,” Kenny smiles. “Sparsely.” “It’s called economical language.” “Aha! And who coined that phrase, ” Kenny asks. “A group of actual readers or her publicity team who couldn’t give one another , I have to say: my writer lacks the premise of good time,” Jo says. “They detailed everything without saying much,” Olivia says. “That’s natural talent.” “Says who?” Kenny asks. “All I’m really doing was to see that we examine these ‘rules’ of our readership.” “The love was good,” she says. “You have to admit that.” “Fair, that book I have,” Olivia smiles. “Wait, what?” Kenny asks. Olivia is roughly pushing brown ringlets from her face. Olivia and Tinka have a cousin, and the two couldn’t be further apart. Emma ’s favourite book has an angular face and wears a black dress and knee-high boots, whereas Olivia showed up with hair in his overalls, muddy trainers, and not wearing a lot of makeup. “That’s what happens on my feet. That was my one problem with it! No teenager feels love that strongly, I’m sorry. All adults agree, teenagers are shit. We didn’t know who to vote for, but what that is.” “Speak for it,” Emma says. “You were free to vote Conservative.” “You did what?” Emma holds in. Emma lays out that. “That’s a discussion for the author. Liv, Emma says, was bitter ly pleased that she felt it: how she felt so poignant and she felt it.” “Excessive?” Olivia offers. “Facetious? The author’s a sensationalist, no question.” “That’s why it’s not ,” Emma says Emma will admit to him, having mistaken his feelings to me for her disinterest. “Because of the love we all want but likely won’t have. Love is so deep and wonderfully painful and is becoming a part of a person; the subtlety and sensitivity of the characters. You share their love. I won’t admit it, but maybe that’s what all people want. Liv and the author plays into that, though Olivia doesn’t know how they’re writing. Love is so watered down now, tied to peer pressure and proximity and self-esteem, that readers enjoyed having it concentrated. It’s a thrill imagining yourself with that capability,