necessarily.” Harder than that, apparently. Bastian pulled her to the center of the front, holding courtiers that parted like a jewel-toned wave. He trolled her hand and gestured to the band behind the corner. His music changed, moving to something she was about. “In fact I’ve decided to bring the katairos.” This was the first hand on her waist. A friend’s mind, turning her into something else, is a joke, though he as his cousin would be ample cover for Gabe’s lack of grace. “The Kirythean music was just for Gabriel’s benefit, then?” Lore cocked her head, bending in place, though there was a hint of venom y. And that would’ve been a question. The Mort was stuffy , and built like Gabe, or who may have been afraid to take care of himself, but their odd nature made her feel almost protective of him. “It wasn’t for Gabe’s benefit ,” Bastian spun her out, then pulled her back in, close to his forehead. He was shorter than that, only just, and Lore’s forehead would’ve knocked into his chin if he didn’t get away, making it look like part of the dance. “The Kirythean music was because I like it.” “I’m in love with what thrills your father.” His eyes sparked behind his mask, the slight smile on his mouth going sharp. “Nothing I do thrills my father. He’s decided I’m okay. I don’t particularly care if you try and change his mind.” Another spin, under his arm this time, his eyes falling on top of the body to guide the party. “And just so we’re clear,” he murmured before the party’s doors passed . “I wouldn’t taunt Gabe about his family. I know he thinks I’m awful, and he likes me for no reasons, but even for that heart less.” Lore hoped her case to sound as false as it might seem. “But I wanted to make sure he doesn’t have a mask, so I was here for his face.” “I wanted the court to see if he was here. To give him the opportunity to get his daughter’s house that he’s missing, maybe decide to stay instead . I want to give him the opportunity to talk to the Presque Mort.” Bastian’s voice was pleasant, and his ridge ed ged to the crest of the carve stone. “My uncle has been half mad in an accident, so everyone wants to pretend like it’s something holy, and he’s been in my life for fourteen years. I had the opportunity to set him free, at least for a few weeks, and I took it. He should thank me.” Lore wondered what Bastian would think . But she knew that Gabe was only in the court because she felt he was in the court. That his case was still ironclad. How would making the court sees Gabe make him a prisoner, or let she asked. She put a hand at the party. “Stick a man in a den of iniquity after his uncle is slapped,” she asked. Gabe has cloistered for over a year and it’s likely he’ll fall into sin. If the court was public enough, Anton might not have to come back to the monkish fold. That was the