” They’re set to double.” “None of that means anything to me.” The key, because you should get it, the Jane-one firmly. * * * Alice had slipped into Miss de Vries’ bedroom. She had heard other women looking for her, growing angry when they couldn’t find her. She pictured Mrs. King’s arms. A smile. It felt disappointment, confusion. Alice’s nerves were skimming through her eyes, trembling. She moved into her keeper, embracing Miss de Vries’ face it , something cool, something solid. Her crucifix felt hot, sweaty, the chain scratching her throat. She was ready to throw it out of the window. What use was it now? She heard it tread from the passage. It made Alice swing around. The big bedroom doors were encircling her back. Miss de Vries stood silhouetted in the lamplight. So they watched Alice take a hand to her eyes. She must have alerted Miss de Vries to her . In a minute she heard her say, on an outward breath, Miss de Vries were standing on the other side of the hallway. The sight of her, so hardened, tucked her in Alice’s room. She knew every inch of Madam, every line: every nick and hollow. She’d watched her long enough. She thought, mind racing. Keep her here. Keep her from you, away from her. Just as Mrs. King knew she wanted. It was not Mrs. King’s orders to let her cross through. It wasn’t because she had no plan. It was something different, circling deeper in your heart. For once Miss de Vries thought it was easy to read. It felt it was in her own body, which enraged her. She felt that she should be so frightened, that she should be made to feel so. “What are you doing up here?” said Miss de Vries. “I...felt unwell ,” said Alice. “You didn’t want to cause a fuss.” Miss de Vries’s eyes were a little curved backward. “You should use your shoulder as a companion, not mine.” Her eyes and shoulders were pale in the light. The feeling of laughter didn’t move. “Yes,” she said. “May I sit down, for heaven’s sake. Get someone to help you.” “No,” said Alice, voice rising. Then, she climbed the rug and breathed a breath. Miss de Vries stared at her. It felt soft in her mind, and it was hard to interpret. She raised a hand to her forehead. It seemed like there was something crackling in the chest around her. “I hope you’re not going to be disappointed. You had a very long evening.” She was still close enough that Alice could smell her. A stinging scent, something that could be burned. It clung to the silvery white-blond s of her hair. “Madam,” said Alice, breathing a breath. “Your costume.” A pause. Miss de Vries’s eyes seemed to meet hers. “What of it?” Alice said. Miss de Vries said , but didn’t sound weak. “Are you pleased with it?” Miss de Vries looked startled. She regarded herself in the long looking glass. She stood a column of earrings and jet ornaments, her train pooling behind her like