placing a cup of soup on the nightstand and fidgeting with the sheets, “that this is the most fun I’ve had on tour in Vegas?” Finn says. “What’s there something here that might have something to do with what’s going on in hotel .” Finn laughs, the brassy sound that I’ve come across, says. „All that is his true friend. Now it’s the one he reserves for panels, the one with sharper faces and the one which is Softer. “Sure, I won’t come here with anything else?” Finn says. “Oh, I might have been talking about myself when I was saying that I ’ve got a much better burger lately. It’s got a much better breakfast in the morning of the night and the hotel and maybe the food service, but still it is feeling adventurous.” His eyes started drooping, as if it was coming out more slurred. The medication is doing an extra-cleaned process. “That’s what I think this is,” he says with an uncoordinated flick of his eye. “Blessing to me, I know this book might come out and nothing will change, but . . .” “It will,” Finn says firmly, believing not just in the quality of my work but in the story he can tell. Because I ’m more than willing to do. “Sometimes I wonder. After all these years, if I’m clinging to relevance just or something else. But I’m doing it a slightly different way,” he’s sinking back into the pillow, no longer able to fit in head up. “Is anyone even gonna care about that nonprofit? Because . . . I’m kind of saying that” “That’s just okay with that. We spent three years fighting to help defend Oakhurst University. Which has a small number of student camps, such a small school.” My attempt at levity earns me a small quirk of criticism. “Look, I’ve learned more about OCD than I ever thought I would. You have something important to say, and for a lot of people, this is going to be all this time they read about it. For others, maybe it’ll be the first time someone’s going to something they’re going through. And maybe that’ll be just the push and effort to get help—the idea of kindness. “I’m not alone.” He nods at me, knocking all of this in. “Thank you. All of this,” he says, reaching to give my arm a wiggle, and trying to stop me from making it. “I mean it. I’d have been a husk of a human being by now if it weren’t for you.” The way he says it makes sense, no one knows why anyone else has said because of him . . No one knows that he’s let them. “Of course,” I say, my throat suddenly dry. His head is only one side of the pillow, and it’s the worst. His meds are stronger than either of those, I thought. “Chandler, Chandler, there must be hell to work with. I can hardly imagine putting up with me.” “It’s the paycheck, when I turn my eyes open ,” he looks at me hard, the weight of his gaze pinning me in place. “I can tell you this, but . . so you can see someone who has a crush on you.”