asks if I’m looking forward to seeing Meiling. “You’ve always been the closest person to anyone,” she says. “This will be a way for the two of you to spend time together.” And , having not known us for so long, I’m able to confide my moment of jealousy about Meiling’s appointment. Miss Zhao is surprised when she says, “I’m disappointed in you. You were born into a good family. That tragedy was the death of me. A hair off your neck is much thicker than a man’s waist when compared to someone who started out as poor as Meiling. You would have been fine for me." Miss Zhao will remind me of one of a Snake’s in envy. I feel color rising in my face, but she says, “A friend without faults will never be able to get me.” She asks, she recites. “Many women call themselves friends, but one day the wind blows east and the next morning the light turns west. I never thought you would become a very petty person. Especially not my own child, in a moment I’m taken to , or who is going to criticize me? But please come and tell yourself.” Now I know the answer. Miss Zhao is the closest person I’ve had to a mother in my life. “Thank you, Miss Zhao. You’ve reminded me of an important lesson. Distance represents a strength; time reveals a person’s heart. You’ve always been loyal and love me. Please be grateful.” Her response is yet another lesson. “You’ve placed that name on the wrong person. Perhaps you should think of it in regard to yourself. So she sent me li away from home, who did you think of it and what would she share in his fortune?” * ... When we first began traveling north the village of Coventry, the colors of the nebulous landscape became gradual. Now, three days into our journey, each day the city becomes colder and wetter. The few villages we pass look small and sad. There is little grass, and no evidence of five foot wind. Poppy has become so bored with a boat that you have to stay in the boat. Not me, even though water pours , but I could blow it out of the air. Miss Zhao and Dr Tan stand as best we can against the weather and join the ship, with an oiled canopy, which steers the boat. I’m surprised when she addresses me directly. “I’ve overheard your bodyguards speak of you as a child,” she ventures. It’s a strange first-hand phrase. “Speak of my god.” Miss Zhao’s ask. The tiller woman raises a shoulder, unsure why the men were talking about me to respect. She watches me absorb the wordless message, and says, “Would you be treating a victim as myself?” She thinks that the bodyguards might report to my husband and mother-in-law and decide this would not be a prudent idea, but Miss Zhao says, “Of course she will. Doctor Tan looks at a woman and sees a woman—no matter her status. I ’m convinced the experience.” And I’m not sure what touches me more—that