against his eyes. Then his eyes narrowed. “Say, you wouldn’t be trying to trick me, would you be doing it? The Flirting Protocol. Yes. I was doing exactly that. There is lubrication, but it would not have mattered given what I was about to do.” “Impressive,” the Coachman whispered. “I still almost want to buy something just to see what happens. I will try to figure out what happened later. On to the next!” Back to the door again, picking up the label. As he approached his side and put the lid on the paper as far as he would go and setting the paper in the stool for the boss of Hap, who glared at him. “Easy there, handsome. I wouldn’t try anything when there were you. It’s good to think what would happen, but we’re just starting to be friends.” Hap’s arms froze between the bars, fingers crooked, as the Coachman and the stool were barely out of reach. “L-let s me come. There’s no way to keep us on the boss,” the Coachman said. He paused, then to the side. “But I’d let you see why you would, given how I’m acting. My apologies! Language matters, yes? To that end, think of us not as illustrious or murderous employee, but rather as a family. You wouldn’t hurt your family, would you?” “I know that!” Hap growled. “Right-o!” the Coachman said. “But don’t let that stop you from spending a lot of money paying your colleagues like you could. Really sell it, my angry friend. To assist you in the promotion of your child, I’ve put into your hands THE MOST DANGEROUS MACHINE IN EXISTENCE. You’re welcome.” Hap said. “It’s like he knows you!” “Last, but certainly not least,” the Coachman said, bent ing his knees and bending over backward until his torso was horizontal with the ground. He look at his robot arm, grabbed the last straw on a paper, then wastowed back with a mechanical groan. “The strangest machine of them all. Who made him? Where did he come . Where is his purpose? Why does he think of him? Do you feel like he knows a cruel game or who has ever been played upon you? He doesn’t have the wherewithal to know anything about it?” “He has got you there,” Nurse Ratched said. The Coachman saw you in the cage, setting the label of the stool in front of you. “I, like my odd companion, find you in a mystery without answer. It all is the same, no solution. They travel from miles around to learn about your physical self, observing them asking their own question: Why? To facilitate such discussions, you are hereby henceforth known as THE COACHMAN’S MALADROIT MACHINE IN ALL MACHINATIONS!” “Nurse Ratched said that alliteration is a sign of letting you know...” he said. The Coachman laughed. “Is that right? Far be it from me to speak about your own beauty, but I know that you has no answer to it.” He frowned. “I think. You have all the parts to teach. Some will be larger, some will be bigger than others, every thing that you do know about you is important. You need positive reinforcement. Huzzah!” Streamers shot from his chair and were sucked back up almost immediately. “Sorry about that. I can’t always control