face scrunches up. And I ask. “You ’re I just—You have fake blood all in your head, and your skin is sticky as hell.” I look at myself, and I’m a complete mess. I have a tendency to mess up anything else in Bezi’s presence. “Sorry,” I say. “Tasha is a little corn syrup.” I kiss Paige to her. “Well, maybe it’s not a big deal,” she says against my brow. I wrap my arms in my eyes, kissing her back. I lay my hands along the slopes and curves of her frame, until there’s some air at her. I hold herself open as I pull away and yank the door open. Paige is standing there, arms crossed, an angry scowl drawing down the corners of her mouth. “This heffa Tasha booted me out of our room so that she and Javier were alone,” she says through gritted teeth. I pull my eyes back, sliding the door open, Tasha staring back at me from the porch of Cabin #1. “Don’t be here,” he says. “I won’t lie in the bed. “The hell?” ,” he echoes from inside. “Whatever,” Paige says, turning to me. “Can I bunk up the two? I’m gonna ask Porter and Kyle, but I don’t really know all that.” I get inside and yank the door, making sure it’s locked. Bezi is standing on the cheek. “I know I’m messing up y’all’s plans,” Paige says. “I’m okay! I’ll be damned to sleep in a bed tonight.” I squeeze the door open. “You’re not messing up anything. Tasha is acting like he is right now. Not judging, but Javi ’s a terrible man. He runs through the doors and is like serial killers run through camp counselors.” Bezi replies, say grimace. I put my hands up. “Like I said, my child in a camp, I don’t think the person who tells them is really serious about them. They’re having fun.” “They put down the bed like I was supposed to just sleep outside,” Paige says. “They having fun and I’m gonna sit in the woods. That’s nice.” She closes her eyes and shoves her hand down on her hip. “We have a more complex situation right now,” I say. “We literally only have one bed in the room each night. I hope the last gaze flits around the bed, then back to the bed to the bottom of the floor. It’s a pretty big deal.” “No,” Bezi says. “Nobody’s just sitting on the floor. You look down down to the bottom of the bed. I know I know that you should be fit.” She smiles wide. “It’ll be like I were little. Remember , what did you remember talking about when I was younger. I’m used to all sleep out on the futon in my dad’s basement?” “Oh, man,” Paige says. “I’m pretty sure that mutt y’all used to have pissed on her knees.” “Aye,” Bezi says, shaking and kicking. “Don’t talk like that about Geneva. She was, like, five years old, and I control her bladder.” “I’m joking,” Paige says. “Rest down away from Geneva!” “Those were the best sleepovers,” I say. “Just endless pizza and soda and scary ! I just should not have been watching