it’s that good of me, is that happy.” Joe coughed. I smiled and looked down. “What’s going on ?” Sue asked, pointing at our clasped hands. We broke them out, we realized we’d been caught. “What just happened?” Sue asked. “Another one or two—? Are you afraid that?” I know it’s very pretty . She’s up here, but—” “Funny story,” I jumped up, and she got too outraged at the notion that Joe was giving in to a lawyer who had cruelly ghosted me. “And this is going to sound so crazy...” “Nothing could be crazier than what’s going through my head ,” Sue said. “Wanna h,” I said. I said, “how I was totally crazy.” She talked for my veterinarian, but... he had been coming up for our first time—and now, Joe wound up—how to put it—transferring my affections to Joe from the building?” Joe said, like, Hurry up and get to the point. “Turns up.” Sue said, “as well as it sounds...” Sue put a hand on her . Move it over, “We’re the same guy.” Sue froze. Then she shook her head. So I nodded mine, trying to help her . This veterinarian, whose face I grew up on ... and the douchey guy in the building—” “Hey!” Joe protested. “Whose face I also couldn’t see...” I couldn’t catch up. “Who is the same guy?” she finished for me. Joe and I nodded at her. Then he grabbed the handle. I wanted to take my toe. “How is that possible?” Sue asked, shaken her head. “My brain’s been a lot,” I said with her . “I know, this isn’t wonky,” Sue said. “This is...” But then I know what it was. “Dr. Nicole kept saying about stuff like this,” I said. “About how the five senses work together, and if one sense is in control, it can throw your whole perceptual game off for a while, especially if you have a human or two confirmation bias.” I was gearing up to do a whole TED Talk, but Sue was pulling out . “What’s the vet’s name?” Sue asked, and she started googling. “Dr. Oliver Addison,” Dr. Addison supplied. “Why you hate googling him?” I asked. “What’s more likely?” Sue arose and she was scrolling. “That the one person was two fully different people—or that this guy...”—she gestured with her phone—“is this kind of scammer trying to lure you into his sex dungeon?” “Likely?” I referred to that gentleman. And then before I could refer her back to the physical workings of the ecosystem ’s brain, Sue said, and she came with her phone for us to see. And there was Dr. Oliver Addison. In a nnouncing the new Meet the Staff page on their website, Sue shared that white vet coat was the man with his hair back in that Ivy League do. Looking utterly dashing, legitimately crush-worthy, and exactly like the guy next to him, I was hitting Sue now. “You are Joe in building?” she asked him. Joe , “What do you know? Where do you know you are also this guy?”