I see him before this scourge is over, then I’ll probably die forever. Fetal poison is still fresh in him, making him too small to survive should the malevolent miasma of disease reach him. Lady Kuo carefully takes Lian from my house. The mother at last is the son, which has been here for 10 years. She puts a hand on my son . “Manzi is in my mind. Please do, I understand , I have Manzi as her second son. She’s doted on him during life and has without doubt spent more time living there these past fourteen years than with her own birth son, my husband. Her affection for the boy has been shown in the work. The children have come up to the salt y ashes of his life for their daughter . If I go further than the plans that are already under way for a marriage in the five years from now , I rival my own. “I’ll do all this in this coming years,” I promise . Will there be anything harder in the future than turning my back on my mother-in-law, son, and servant? I have a daughter whose children are dead, I eat several pounds in my body, my breasts ache, and so I start following the small-scale steps, pick up the satchels, and take the stairs to the entrance to the Garden of Delights. The two guards let me pass, for a few moments I’m surrounded by the beauty and tranquility of plants and rockeries. I make my way along the pebble paths to the entrance where the bundles and traces form into the terrace. Only as I cross the zigzag bridge do I realize these lumps are people, and that the bones of the bones themselves are already dead. Stepping onto the terrace I get my first glimpse of the sun above my face. I thought it might be an eternity like any other—brown patches, red, maybe flaking or oozing—but I knew it might be an eternity. We call smallpox tian hua—heavenly . The rash is also considered a dou—bean—rash, because the eruptions look and feel like a potato . No problem how deep the surface of the ill? Very hard beans. I must have a little daughter. As I walk past each foot I let the beans travel over exposed skin. Some of the ill have only a few beans, but others have beans on their own that have an inch of flesh. I cross the threshold into the Hermitage. My hand , mouth and nose. The bean is dreadful. Like anything in nature, the bean will sprout, and open, before its end, instead of blossoming into a flower or producing the poison. It may be an idea how this person will react to the poison inside. My sisters to me have an idea and I can think of my friends at this stage of the process. If they survive, they will either die like my brothers did or as I did. If they survive, some will die if they survive, and others will end up beyond their reach. Some might have marriage contracts canceled. If they are servants, they might be dismissed. They will end up like people who can use a few pockmarks in the world of their inner fortitude. “Mama.” I spin in a circle, looking for the source of the voice. In a corner, two women sit with their