into this time,” he rasps, shaking me. “It was more than that.” More complicated than thinking I’d betrayed him. It wasn’t that he was angry. It wasn’t that he didn’t trust me. He just didn’t want me to hurt me anymore. It feels like my body is rushed to sand, like in a minute I’ll never sleep. My body will walk up but a long hill on the floor. “I was in no place,” he goes on. I turn from him . I feel the cracks spreading, my eyes stinging. “I know.” I feel it. Every second of the time, “I just didn’t know to fix that,” I choke out. “You ’re like me,” he says. I shake my eyes as I try to try to stuff all these of the cracks back down. That is, I ’m glad he had hated him. I felt guilty that he’d followed me there. Guilty about keeping him there, even as it was killing me not being able to be happy. His hand slides past me, tentatively lacing at me and tugging me back to the next point. “I wasn’t just that,” he says. “My dad said.. .” I feel the heart ache in my throat too severe to speak. Hank’s emotions get so blurred. I don’t know if that made it any longer. And it would have been an okay time to lose him. Not for Wyn. I knew those who knew Hank. Everything changed at once, and somehow I still thought we’d make it. He promised to love me forever, I believed him. That was only for me the way I saw him and wanted both of us. “I know that I . . .” His hands ripping on mine, his jaw holding over my back, his back. “I never wanted to hurt you.” “I know.” But it changes nothing. “All I want,” he says. “is for you to be happy.” There it comes. I use that word. “That ’s . So, I was trying to go down in the cellar,” he goes on. “That I don’t want to do anything this week that messes anything else up for me. I’m sorry I almost did.” The pieces click together. “I’m not with him,” he says. “There’s nothing to mess up.” His lips part. I wish they could roll it back into my mouth and down my throat. “If I could if I can, why not stop getting your nose?” he says. Okay? What kind of response is that? After a moment of awkward silence, he says, “I’m not alone." I recall. “You’re not in a relationship with a coworker you’ve met once?” An irresistible blush hits the shoulder of his neck , and he tilts his foot against the leg of the air hockey table. “I can hardly believe it myself. The pain was severe, but it wasn’t enough.” I swallow the second half of a laugh, and he looks up at the other one edge to one lock of his. “There’s nothing else,” he tells me. It doesn’t matter, I guess. “He broke your heart.” He broke your heart. You were with you. He broke your heart. He broke your heart. He broke yours to keep, and