gratitude to Marie Howe, whose words have long been a source of solace and inspiration, for allowing me to title this book with a phrase from her own “A Living of the Three Days” and excerpt “What the Living Do” within. The quotations for John Climacus’s The Lost and Divine Ascent are from the Revised Prayer of the Holy Transfiguration of John Brookline, framed by Father Lazarus Moore. A powerful poem exists thanks to the skill and the dedication of Ecco publisher Helen Atsma, my editor and writer. From our perspective, it was clear how a devoted woman believed in and understood this book, with stories that remained true even after the story had changed. I was excited when it gave way to something new and far more arduous. Thank you, Lisa for helping to make this book the book it needed to be, and for the abundant grace and courage you’ve shown me. Warmest gratitude to my agent, Maria Massie, for her work on such matters and so much compassionate ness. Your dedication and thoughtfulness has made all the difference in my life. I know how lucky I am to have you in my corner. To Carrie Frye, author of a beautiful song I have never heard of, whom I have had to listen and talk about this one longer than anyone else, whom I was thrilled to collaborate with and the great deal of trading editorial quips and metaphors: thank you for believing when I saw what I couldn’t, and not letting me walk through my kilt on one thing. I have the kind and supportive publishing team, and I am extremely indebted to the all-star crew at Broadside Books, including Sonya Cheuse, Jason Chun, Meghan Mark Mulrooney-Lyski, Miriam Parker, and many others. Many thanks to Michael Taeckens of Broadside PR. Thank you for the name Rowe, your cover of a great dream—a poem in and of itself. Heartfelt thanks to Andrew Buntin, Kat Chow, Amir, & Frank Iman i Perry, and Bryan Washington for their wonderful books and early reads. Jasmine Guillory, i love our friendship and never know where I’d be without them. The cynics of Kim and R. O. Kwon, sisters and stalwarts of our chat, I am thankful to you as well. Much love to you in Kristie Ahola, Angela Chen, Nicole Cliffe, Tope Fadiran, Alyssa Keiko Furukawa, Elon y Harris, Anna Hetherington, Danny Lavery, Karen Maeda Allman, Rita Maldonado, Rebecca Onion, Greg Pak, Samantha Powell, Paul W. Woods , Jaya A. Tucker, Esmé Weijun Wang, Maria Wheeler, and Jess i M. Ortile, Erica Wilson, Allisen Hae Ji Lichtenstein, Leah Johnson, Arriel Vinson, Gabrielle T. Harris, Sirin Thada: I’m always rooting with you, as I continue to be grateful for the ongoing efforts of Megan Fishmann , Susan Woods at Catapult and Elaine Kaplan, EMT Agency. Thank you to all the wonderful librarians and educators who have stocked up my books with special care. Thank you to Hannah, Christine, and Amy at Loyalty Books for setting up a signed journal in record time, during a week off (most of us were on vacation!). And sincere thanks to all those who’ve