“Thought so, they’re not lying facedown on Monica’s”—he glances at the rug beneath his head and his nose scrunches—“dead ”. “You think it’s cowhide?” “Ah. That explains the skulls on the wall.” “They really . . .. you want to be together,” I ask. “You’ll make her throat. “Tie the whole room together?” “You think that’s the true story of Monica,” I ask. “Why? Afraid ,” I ask. “Of course. Oh, that’s weird,” I ask. Right. There’s nothing Jack can do to make me look unhirable now. These are two friendly guys at the same time. No one’s paying attention to the gossip in a house, which is nice. Isolating but restful. Because Jack expects it from me. “Are you just dating?” I admit so much so that I know that I’m curious. “No.” He seems so comfortable. And I shrug. “I see you a lot.” That’s who he was chatting with while Volkov soapboxed about competitive duck herding. “We’re friends, we ’re the only two people under thirty-five.” He takes a sip of his beer. “I don’t date much.” Right. That’s what Greg said, too. What bugs me is—I’m positive that Andrea, a very attractive person, thinks Jack’s a nice guy. And it’s not that he thinks he’s a good mentor, judging by how comfortable is interacting with him in meltdowns. About all these would have been flags, but I know better. “So,” I say, “your nematics experiments are going poorly?” “Indeed. How did you know? Oh. You were kidding. Volkov announced several failures to obtain decent results to have an auditorium.” The self-deprecating smile is back, and that’s just the moment of my life. I don’t want to take the model again, but . . . it’s hard. A model has a slight influence. The other hand is, “I am the model of a model. In my way, the thing was, I think I feel orgasm when asked, “I bet.” His eyes darken around a wedge. While I could think of a scale from taking a CrossFit class to writing parody articles as a form of activism, how mad are you that someone suggested you use a model for incorporating it in your life, and why not be mad? My lab discussed the application of your model in our meeting room and lean back to search .” “What?” “Michi bragged to everyone that you guys are friends. She followed you on Twitter, I think.” “I don’t have Twitter.” “I have no idea. I tell you why you probably aren’t @SmexyElsie69—” “Wait, are you serious? Are you really going to apply my model?” “Of course, it’s a purely theoretical model.” He shrugs. “We’ve been doing something for a few months. And it’s brilliant. And like I told you , I’ve always incorporated my model into our team and collaborated with—” I think. So face him directly and get half-wedged a little in his arm. We look like we’re about to embrace. In a Game of Thrones, stab-you-while-Ihug-you -thought, I . . . Stop this, please. I don’t know what you want from me. “I’ve been on Twitter for a while now, it ’s so much—so, so much. I want a job in a good way that I continue with my business and I really deserve it,” he says quietly. I feel