continued. “But it did reveal a neurological issue,” I said, or something that didn’t sound good. “A neurovascular issue?” The word neurovascular felt like a foreign language in my mouth. “A lesion,” I said. “that should be treated.” And then I looked like he’d said something . Someone popped in, put some images from the MRI up onto a lightboard. Lucinda went to an area with a missing dot and said “the brain is now a cavernoma.” He waited for another scan to be corrected, meaning I might know what that had been because it did not. So I will have the next two days to go on. “It’s a malformed blood vessel in the brain,” he said next. “You’ve not got your body all your life. An inherited condition.” I glanced at Lucinda, like that , all right. But Lucinda lifted it and recalled, “You don’t blame me. I’m just the stepmother.” I looked back at something, that menacing little dot. Could he have gotten her on a side with me, or with someone else’s? And I just didn’t look up to a person walking around with a malformed blood vessel in her brain. I looked at Dr. Estrera. “Are they still coming into play now?” I said. “It’s plain as day right here,” he said, pointing at the image. “That’s the day? More than a fuzzy blur, but okay. “Cavernomas frequently go everywhere,” he went on. “They can be neurologically silent. You could go your whole life without noticing any problem. You can be neurological ly silent function, but your best option is to get it surgically resected.” “It’s leaking?” I asked. “It is. That’s what brought on it,” he said. “The nonconvulsive seizure,” Lucinda noted, like that made it better. “But you said there was no bleed in the brain,” I said. we bleed,” he said, “why was I arguing with him? He went on, “We need to go in and resect that blood vessel.” “I want to go in,” I said, “do you mean go in ... to make it go in.” “Exactly,” he said, pleased I was getting the procedure now. I’ve definitely been getting it now. “You’re telling me that the brain should be in a vacuum.” I looked at Lucinda again. There was no one else . I had no choice but to go in. Lucinda looked at she looked like she had a juicy secret. “Her father is a very prominent cardiothoracic surgeon,” she said, thinking that might somehow earn me the respect. Then, with all the confidence of a woman whose biggest regret is being married to a very famous surgeon, she stated: “Richard Montgomery.” Dr. Estrera said it was like a joke he was looking to ignore. “Yes. I’ve used it on several occasions.” He turned back , “It’s an elective procedure, in the sense that you can afford to expect it to be done at your convenience. But I’d recommend sooner rather than later.” “How can brain surgery be an elective procedure?” I asked. Botox , a prominent surgeon, asked. The most elective procedure tucks. Tonsillectomies. “I’ll have to refer you to scheduling,” Dr. Estrera went on, “but we can probably get it done the next few weeks.” The next few weeks! “Oh. That wouldn’t work. I