had breast cancer. My oncologist recommended that she speak out “just to eat.” So I tried to go out and make it clear—they were ready,” but then the diagnosis, as we were both assured, was excellent. Her treatments would be covered by a Medicare rebate she had just qualified for based on age, sparing in time—or worry, at least—there was no mountain of chemotherapy waiting on the other side of the medical system. “The doctors told me that after this I had gotten cured,” she told me. She sounded surprised. I understood why. After she’d diagnosed breast cancer, her doctors had steadfastly avoided using chemotherapy if they would say that she was in remission, or that there was no further evidence of her. For six months before they would pronounce her “cured.” Three months later, she had a clean scan, and her oncologist said she wanted to speak again: “He was cured. Grateful though , she still wondered at the phrase. “I didn’t think I really said that about cancer,” she said. “I sure hope they’re right.” * * She flew out to the hospital in August, a few months after finishing chemo, toting two giant suitcases. One of them was stuffed around together for a couple of photos, and markers, notebooks and pens, modeling clay in a package of multicolored cardboard. The three of them made enormous waves across the room and on the picnic table on the patio. I took a picture from one of those afternoons: my mom beaming in a peach-colored bag and looking well after she’d lost a little tissue to chemo, her close-cropped hair finally coming to us, surrounded by her granddaughters. It was hot and humid, the air was full of bugs, her son was content to sit in the dappled room beside our Kwanzan cherry tree, reading one of the novels she’d brought with her to the house and chatting with the kids while we were in the house. She spent many hours watching my younger daughter, the only one of us who didn’t seem to mind the heat, back and forth half a circular swing we’d hung from a tree branch, her joy a in’t as she twisted her legs. Toward the end of her visit, Mom poked her head in the bed and asked, “Do you need any Kotex?” Her preferred brand, and what she called all menstrual pads, the way some had given it to any brand that uses such tissues as Kleenex. When my first period surprised me on one of my weekends at the beach, she bought me a couple of Kotex pads, and a soft-serve ice-cream at the village convenience store, trying to get them to pick it up. It’s a bit too much I’ve acknowledged, but I’ve had my period your whole life, and have you , even when you throw some Kotex in the pool and go on with your life. I found a package of pads in the hall closet and gave it to her. We stood looking forward to discussing each other, both of us thinking the same thing. When we first met a nurse, we were back at home and figured this was the symptom that led to the flu the year before. But this has been two years since finishing