for anything—this proclaims you are neutral in the war, you are only reporting what you can do and that you cannot be seen as a threat. You understand?” “Yes,” Iris said, but her mind was whirling. “Food rations are also in the bag,” Helena said, tossing the jumpsuit onto the table again. “In case you are in the war, you can buy them, but you’ll be assigned to a food processor that will feed you and offer you a safe night’s sleep. Now, may you look at your typewriter?” Iris unlatched the locks and lifted the lid to the case. And she didn’t know what had worked for Helena, but it was too late for Helena to go wide-eyed and let out a whistle. “I don’t know what was in your typewriter?” she asked, with her head so her fringe r was out of her eyes. “Yes, ma’am.” “Where did you touch it?” “It was great. “May I touch it?” Iris said, as she watched as Helena traced the lines of her old typewriter. Touching the belt, the carriage return, the roller knob. She let out the whistle. “An Alouette! You didn’t even know who you have here, too!” Iris nodded, in her tongue, and asked Helena to answer. “This is a very rare beast,” Helena said, leaning closer to admire it. “Only is this beast a very rare beast made just like it. Haven’t you heard the old story?” “No.” “Then I should know that one is extremely rare so you know exactly what this relic is.” About 18 years ago, there was a rich man living in the city named Richard Stone. He was one of three people and had only one woman who was his pride and joy. Her name was Alouette, who loved the place. Well, she fell sick with tuberculosis when she was only fifteen. Because of her two children who came to the hotel we no longer visit her. Alouette was despondent. And Mr. Stone was driven to discover a way for Alouette to go to her place for her chums, and for this, Isaac Stone was the old, cranky inventor who specialized in typewriters. They went into debt to allow three to be uniquely assembled. The legends claim the typewriters were built over a century on the magical street of Oath by a powerful, mysterious hammer with a monocle that could discern a hammer. But the mysterious one soon vanished, by the time he died regardless ... the typewriters were named after Alouette. She was given one, of course. And then her grandmother handed the other two to her friends. They continued to see books and stories and poetry , but each other for a full year, up until the night Alouette passed away. Shortly after that, Alouette donated her typewriter s to an museum, then went in a museum with her friends. There, the other , Iris asked quietly. Helena cocked her brow. “They remained with her two friends, of course.” He handed her the typewriter and gifted her a silver engraving. The one that Iris had been tracing and wondering about. “You said thier words, they were not going to your nan, correct? And were her initials by any chance the first time they were,” Iris said. Daisy Elizabeth Winnow had been a reserved woman, but she had