me, that ’s my response to the question. It felt like it was time to be seated again. Oh well. * * * THE MOMENT OF truth came later, after most of the doctors, including my dad, and Dr. Nicole stayed to sleep through some face recognition tests. Before we got started, I needed a little pause. Which meant going to the bathroom. I, of course, had a mirror above me. I avoided looking as I had, but as I headed out, I paused. What would I see if I looked into that mirror? What would I see? So I told myself. I didn’t have to know, but I also was not knowing ... and I was all right. I wound up standing with my eyes . So I came up, and dread, for so long Dr. Nicole finally asked me if I was all right. The knock startled me, and then I coasted off that door. I glanced forward to the bathroom, then pulled back into my room to check my own faces. And what I saw made me look. My face, my very own face, the one I have been to and known for with all my life . It was nothing but puzzle pieces, too. * * * WHEN I opened the bathroom door, moving through it with the mirror, I kept my eyes pointed toward the floor, a little sniggling, like the safest place. I got as far as the threshold before setting off a stop. “Sadie?” Dr. Nicole asked. “I didn’t want to see my own face,” I said . I was a little breathless. “I checked into a mirror, and it’s clear I’m faceless.” But Dr. Nicole wasn’t giving in to my drama. “You’re not a person of reality,” I said, to me, gently by thinking back to bed, “you just have a dream! I wanted to be practical . I would never fully understand that , just a brain glitch. There was nothing out there about it. I walked away from that mirror feeling ... no matter how often you ever think about life, you always have yourself, so you are that small face that you take off its mascara before bed . And you end up having two eyes. That crooked lower tooth that the orthodontist never could manhandle into place. Those ears that stick a little too far. Those lines on the side of the smile that look like parentheses. That slight dimple and chin that’s just like your mom’s. Of course, these aren’t the words that make you smile. You are also your whole mom’s. And your sense of humor. And your homemade doughnut recipe. And that love for ghost stories. And the way you savor ocean breezes. And the appreciation you have for how much you want to share, then we go to pink and pastels together. You’re not just your face, is what I mean. But man, it sure is a big part of the world. You are your shadow. So faithfully and constantly with you, you don’t even notice it. It’s just your eyes. But then one day it’s gone.