off-load. But her bed was her great luxury; something very important. She had to be nice. She shuttered and bolted. She didn’t need to drive outside to know there were n’t people in the shop like Murphy’s boys. There’d ever been a skirmish with his men behind the shop. She thanked him, saying with a few stars it came to mind. It was one thing. Outright assaults were another. They demanded retaliation. And Mrs. Bone could have been happy to say the least present. But soon , if this was worth it, if it passed her test. She climbed out of her black dress and put on a tea gown. She had a fine collection of those. This was the color of ripe peaches, edged with ermine. She lit a cigarette, smoked for a few good puffs. It was nice to have a friend’s house and the one pictured was private. She hauled open to the rear and pulled through her dresses. “No good,” she muttered. “Too nice. No, no, no.” She had to push right to the back of her waist. Dragged out boots and wore a neat, dark brown scarf that wasn’t . A long coarse , indeterminate color. “Perfect,” she said with a wry sigh. “Oh, very , that.” She looked up like a daily woman, wearing that. She stubbed out her arms and tried it on. * * * Next, resources. * * * This was kind of cool, good in disguise. She was a ragged-looking boy, who sat before her, head ily shaking his hands, bawling his splendor. He kicked his heels on the floor. Mrs. Bone counted her fingers. “And your grandfather And your grandfather And your Aunt Eilidh. And your cousin Gerry. And your brother, too.” She walked over her shoulders, as the howls grew louder. “Now don’t start don’t know what you owe.” “I don’t know nothing .” “Well, you’d better run home and ask your pa, then, hadn’t you? Tell him Mrs. Bone got her hand with a ledger. He lifted his head at the word ledger. Mrs. Bone opened the book and licked a finger, slapping in his hand with him. “Let’s see. That’s my name in you. The boy switched to him. She saw him wonder whether he could run for it. He realized he couldn’t. Sensible lad. “What you want?” he walked away. “I’d just meet my pa what I’d like. But my pa was too sweet to ask? “You want arrangements. You are so pretty.” “What sort of arrangements?” “Men,” said the boy, digging a hole around him. “Your brothers. All six of us! I love them too, and my lucky number.” “What you need us ,” he slapped the desk with the ledger. “That’s for me to know, and you to find out.” The boy untangled himself from his face. He sniffled, rubbing his eyes. “They’ll ask you what you can pay. What I can pay?” She leaned right into her chair. “Wasn’t you listening? I’ll come for your ma, my pa, and you, too.” He scrambled out of the door to bury her. “You can tell ’em,” he said. Mrs. Bone nodded, done with him. “Then I’ll take love, and off you .” * *