though I harbored a hope of one ’s home—just my old dollhouse for my then-theoretical children to play with. When a friend asked if I knew when my parents were selling the home I’d grown up , I thought the last person to live in my childhood bedroom hadn’t had a life and would never have done so. And it became clear that me, one friend of mine, who lived with typical openhandedness, had let me go of the house. His parents could live with me for a year and a half —he own s it to help her out. There were so many things about the house I’d been unaware of: the sprawling, shady backyard that once contained my old bedroom at the end of my room with its blue walls and bursting into my cat’s bedroom in my post; the minuscule spare bedroom that I was eventually permitted to work with as a writing space, nearly every square inch filled with a blue futon and the giant desk I had begged my mother to buy at a yard sale. But I was an adult now, and I couldn’t imagine being so attached to that childhood setting that I would care for my parents for sure, and that was their home, where I kept the house, so I had a right to sell it. They sounded upbeat about the change: they had been moving closer to the church; moved in a quieter neighborhood; and a much faster path of living. They had tripled in value since they bought the house , so they stood to make a nice new home. I was asking them, but did not entirely agree with that . I had talked to them for as long as I could remember—first to people like Portland or Denver. This time, they reversed course and said they’d like to live farther in the country. Now they were finally moving, but not to find a patch of land or to live in an area that had very expensive jobs; instead, they’d paid cash for a manufactured home in good condition in a fifty-five-and-over park fifteen minutes from the road. Why, I wondered, weren ’t they ? This is a great house with the windfall from the new construction. Though their new house was in the two-car garage or the basement, it was more spacious. With two high ceilings and two full bathrooms , the home was very light, clean , all in one, and the common spaces felt more comfortable and open. The first time Dan and I visited my parents after their move, my mother was almost giddy as she gave us a little insight, and she pointed out her room was like her sleeping in. I remember how difficult it was to see her, and there was something else in them; something else, in the warmth in her voice, that took me a moment to recognize: it was pride. I’d never known how hard it was to feel that that is our old place, but she was happy with this one; slightly cluttered and freshly cleaned for our needs. The house was arranged in a way that pleased everyone. However, my parents owned it in clean and clear. * * * After my father died, I remember thinking it strange that I had so few objects to remember