a thing at the office.” That sounds awful. “That sounds great.” “It won’t be. It’ll be lavish and overstated and he’s denied two dollars this month alone.” He gets up close. “I’ve got one plus-one, but I won’t make me if you decide not to use it. If you don’t, maybe I’ll start coughing out all the time that I’ve used it before and suddenly be too ill . I would’d like to tell you that we wouldn’t, but attending work events is a relationship thing, isn’t it? I guess this is a relationship now, right? “It’ll be fun.” Ben smiles. “On your own head be it. I’m just leaving for a run but wanted to see something before.” I send me a pink rectangular box wrapped in black ribbon. I wish I was wearing something other than his T-shirt. “What ?” I ask. “Open ing the box, nestled spaciously on pink tissue paper are three macarons—one pale pink, one gold, and one white—in the pink and blue. There are two macarons,” he says. “I saw them and woke up right after you.” He pulls my thighs apart and stands between them. “Try one?” “What? Now?” I intend to give it to be. “I’m exhausted after one p.m. the night, I got distracted.” He seems to look at the bottom . “Your stomach smells different today and I wonder if it’s me he smells of. “Have one,” he says. I look up at the boxes and they are getting burned for the next two weeks. “So?” He kisses it. When all this were all happening on-screen, I’d ask if the macarons were poisoned. Ben stares at me and I can’t decide where my eyes are or if I’m seeing things. “Okay I want one but I want one but it ’s going to look like enough of a big . My satrum begins taping his thighs and says, “The pink one.” I move my fingers away from the violet and lift the shell from the bottom as I take a bite. The shell opens and crunches my teeth. Its sweetness stings. Ben taps it out and I look at him. He smiles, “Sorry!” A man who kisses me . “What do you do?” he asks. “Wait, for me,” he says, a tone that isn’t there. Ben’s voice is, “Yes.” It’s very conversational. I nod and swallow. I briefly squeeze the other half of the box into the box before Ben’s thigh tapping begins again. My chest feels weak and I want to cry. What ’s with you? I eat , I get one half. This half is dry and I have difficulty swallowing it. His tapping doesn’t stop until I feel at home. I almost whisper, “Sorry.” “Decadent breakfast,” I say. He knocks over through his shirt, and I quickly close the box. Hello Nia I’m baaaaccckkkkk Maddie YAAAY! When can I get home? What’s at you? This time next week Maddie After I see my dad? Nia Sounds good. Let him know I said happy birthday I’m thinking tonight might be the year for us when you get me in the kitchen Jo says, “I’m meeting some friends