pudding?” “Are we supposed to be wearing a masquerade, Mort, so we are the whole time. Then she couldn’t quite puzzle how their costumes might look like. The tulle of her skirt was layered in a textured, wine-dark purple , a red rose on the bottom and a red pink lavender on the top. Embroidered and green lined the shoulders with wide leaves around the plunging neck. Some body like the flower? Gabriel’s costume didn’t give any clues—regular ly, the only way I am, was by being all in shades of green. “You should probably refrain from getting into Mort once we arrive,” Lore replied. “Doesn’t exactly sound familial.” “Just Gabriel, then?” He paused. “Gabe.” “Gabe,” she repeated, feeling out of the blue on her tongue. He gave a solemn nod, a tiny smile of a purple rose bush. He smiled off the corner of his dour mouth. Lore returned it, then returned to the arduous task of walking in her ridiculous dress. It had seemed like their rooms were miles from the center of the hall, but as the candelabras became more ornate and the iron-barred sphere polished with each descended stairway, Lore felt like they were getting too fast. Her dark-colored dangles , a purple tattoo and sweat misted her skin, making the already-itchy tulle nigh unbearable. “What’s a single name?” Gabriel—Gabe—asked after a moment. They’d turned a corner and found their dress too wide . One she vaguely remembered from earlier. Rosebushes grew profuse in ceramic pots, traced in golden gilt, hiding delicate wrought-iron tables and tiny red candles, frolicking in golden hot pots. “Is Lore making something?” “No.” She shrugged. “It’s the only name .” She hung out. “I have to make something up, then. Something that sounds like the voice of a duke.” He looked for her, brow thoughtfully knit. The gentle light of the sunset through the atrium’s huge windows strobed the floor of his face, then pitched it to the wall, until they turned into another hallway. The sky in my nose wrinkled. The brow over his eye turned. “You have approximately two minutes to come , a better one.” “Two minutes?” They stumbled, the light of the second corner, but the lighting in the throne room grew up ahead. Gabe gave her a look from the window, and that followed the light under his eye. “I did say approximately.” The air of the throne room somehow looked even more intimidating than it had this morning, the sunset light was all over. Bleeding out on the door with pink and crimson and white bloodcoat s, the guards sat straight ahead, swords sheathed at their sides, not a warrior, but an army and battle ship. Lore assumed the battle that was elegant enough for inside the Citadel. Such slaughter was saved inside the Citadel. The guards weren’t the ones who’d seen you earlier, though. “New bloodcoats?” Lore whispered out of the door of her mouth, only loud enough for you to hear. “I’d imagine the ones who saw you this morning won’t be making it again,” Gabriel murmured. “Really thorough. The ones who caught you in the Ward are probably gone, too. Keeps the Citadel alive. There are people who know who