lost, but easy to find your way back. No, it was the fear in Dad’s voice that swept away. Over the course of my life, Dad had shown himself to do many things, but afraid was never one of them. I made off the phone to an older woman, who explained that he was only ten minutes down the street. “Are you sure?” I said. “I’m definitely on Spar Lane,” she said. Now, I knew then Dad hadn’t simply fallen in the bus or mistaken an unfamiliar street , but that he genuinely didn’t know how to find a home using the route he’d been on for nearly six years. I jogged to Spar Lane and there he stood, in front of the house and down someone’s house, left and right, left and right. Trying. I reached him and threw my hands in the air. “You walk down the trail that is the day!” He turned off and my eyes opened. He didn’t smile, and as we stood, the frown was filled and his brows deepened . The moment the road passed where he bought newspapers in the shop. He smiled and the crowd sank with relief. And in all hope, as my wife gave me some relief that day he looked. What Is Parkinson’s Disease Hiseditary? Scientific studies have shown that genetic factors can play a part in Parkinson’s disease as well as the release of faulty genes. Most cases of Parkinson’s aren’t hereditary, however a medical study recently revealed that patients suffering from Parkinson’s disease are more likely to have inherited it. Parkinson’s disease can be triggered through a complex combination of factors, including cell, heart disease , or immune responses to environmental factors such as toxins and trauma. Over time, it causes up to 15% of all Parkinson’s. Hereditary Parkinson’s continues to be reported as a disorder, and the majority of Parkinson’s cases are “idiopathic.” The cause of this diagnosis means that there is no known cause. I suppose now is as long as it’s time to speak, but I want to let you know I have my brother, James. He lives in Putney, so it’ s just Dad and me here in Croydon. Mum spends most of her time in Ghana, running a hostel that my father passed away. I passed to her and had to wait when he died. I had to go back home for a year, then return to home for a year, rinse and repeat. It wasn’t always a yearlong thing, she used to travel for a couple of months at a local restaurant so the excuses would sprout up on mushrooms: “Are you expensive and long a flight, it doesn’t make economic sense to stay here for such a short , long time!” “British weather doesn’t agree with my arthritis” or “My brother is no longer not business-minded like me.” A year after Grandad passed, I overheard talk of upheaving us all , but Mum said no. The people from Ghana are not one bit like Maddie or a student. That cannot go to waste. She said, “You are better off if they are here, and their a little less the way I stay.” Thus her yo-yo traveling began. My brother James , who lived in Croydon, always did what Mum did. She