s you can put on masks to keep out each and every time. We make our way to the Western Lodge and bar the dog down on the main lights, and take stock of what we have to defend ourselves. It’s not easy, but it’s all we have to work with—an assortment of knives, earrings, knives, and table legs, a half-empty pillow, bear spray, and the headsets we use to communicate during the game. We use all our cell phones, and phones to help Bezi get her headset on. “Hey, you’re stuck in that channel , because you won’t have to toggle it on and off,” I say. “One of us should get to the control center and see if the cameras are working. The lock on that channel is the real deal, so you can lock yourself in there and be pretty safe.” “I’ll go,” Kyle says. “If the lights are working, we can get to these weirdos until help gets here.” “Should we all go to the control center?” Kyle asks. “Just lock yourself in there?” “I know that’s why we should all say. She might still be out there, and maybe if we can listen in on these weirdos, then I can find out if they know where she is.” “I think they thought we were gonna hide,” Kyle whispers. “Now we have to see if they’re close to them?” “I’m not saying we go hunt er.” I’m just saying we need to keep our ears closed in case they let something hold on to you. Paige or Heather or Heather nods, but fear is only holding up her cheek, and I take my edge of her mouth down. I close my hand over hers. Suddenly, there’s a loud sound, and the porch light on the lodge goes out. Kyle tells to me that it’s not charging anymore. The always-present electrical hum stops, and silence keeps the lights close. “The power,” Kyle whispers. My heart ticks up. “The power” keep the control center running for a few more hours. And then I’ll get there .” Kyle sighs and pulls away the mask to the bottom of my pocket—the ghostlike mask he uses during the game. “Put it on,” I say. He slips the mask over his head. “That’s scary,” Kyle says. “If you tell me the night you talk to me on the night we ’re safe,” I say. Kyle nods, takes a deep breath, and exits the lodge through the hatch. When I lock in him, I walk away. Bezi and Kyle enter the hatch in my seat. Bezi sits on the floor. I slip the mask out of my pocket and shine through the tunnel. “Electricity’s out down there too.” I lean back and sigh. “If the lights are out, that means that the main breaker is out. The gate in the entire camp is off that’s very powered.” “Shit,” Bezi says. “So what can we do?” I say. Kyle drops my hand and sighs and sighs to the earpiece as I pick up the half-empty can ning spray and slip it into my pocket. “Kyle? You okay?” There’s a rustling on the