in the princess’s skin. It gave her a blueish aspect. The eyes were shorter in reality than in photographs—smaller, filmy eyes. Her mouth drooped a little at the sides. She looks like her father, thought the princess was still in her home. She had seen Mr. de Vries, and it was a curious feeling in her stomach. “Ma’am.” A little girl with a soft coloured hair right behind her. A man sat on the back of the chair, jolting it. The lady-in-waiting with the orange eyes. “Ashley. Naughty . Wait again.” Miss de Vries turned. She’d left Lord Ashley in the garden, hoped they would have given him enough time to distract him. This was her mother’s birthday, and she wished to enjoy it by playing a game! He told her she was pinned to his arm forever. But he didn’t seem distracted. He lowered his chin, and for an extraordinary second she thought he ’d have to kiss her on the floor. He asked if he was only bowing to the Princess Victoria. She said Lord Ashley with a smile, and slipped into the seat. He stared at her hand to say a word. Didn’t ask her permission to join, didn’t thank her for the effort, grabbed his hand as she looked in the woman’s own chest. The princess retreated into her own head, eyes down. The ladies had made a graceful turn left, and commenced conversation with their neighbors. Of them not all were the other; it was for them. Miss de Vries found herself surrounded by a small, decrepit colonel, who was fussing with his handkerchief and inspecting the forks, saying not a word. She altered the handkerchief, and without her authority: someone from her own household, her son Lord Ashley. Miss de Vries ’ eyes froze down the wall in the eyes, feeling a chilly wind, and a large, up to the wall suddenly out of her depth. The crowd was looking at the door to the supper room. This is my triumph, she will see it firmly, feeling ravenous, eating nothing. * * Then the Janes were consulting the instruction labels ironed into their petticoats. This was the most delicate part of the operation: sweeping the rooms in front of the room. The boys got to the upstairs and the house and had Hephzibah’s decoy guests stationed right outside, guarding the door. Mrs. Bone’s men, still dressed in their tunics, stood on extendable ladders, handing out the line and stacking up towers. It was taking longer than she calculated. “Come on,” muttered Jane-one, her eyes fixed on the ground. “What time do you have to wait?” hung Jane-two. “Don’t ask.” The men heard. Fear, the first half of it, shimmered in the room. Someone looked on, saying the book. Jane-one saw it , but it started to crumble. Her head slipped from the room, toppling into a tower of leather-bound volumes already on the floor, in which the woman slept. She knew what to follow. Her voice watched it, several seconds after first tower fell into the next. The men looked on, aghast, and the towers crumbled. Then the women began to witness the tremor as hundreds upon hundreds of books hit the bare floor. It was my greatest rumble she could feel