outside , I couldn’t say,” he said. “We know I’ve only known our Folk. Oh no for one man, I thought. More than enough.” His tone had darkened a little, but in a humorous rather than an odd position. It was the point that one uses when speaking of things that are a fact of life. He set a loaf of bread upon the table, which he informed me that I casually had to sit in the ground , with a drizzle of heat, along with enough cheese and salted fish for two. He was quite cheery about it, and seemed intent on joining me for the humble feast. “Thank you,” I said, and we gazed down at each other awkwardly. I suspected that I was supposed to do something else—perhaps enquire about his life or duties, or even speak about my helplessness—but I’ve always been useless at that sort of amiable chatter, and my life as a scholar affords me few hours to make a practice. “Is your mother about?” I asked. “I would thank her for the bread.” I can speak of a poor judge of human beings. I have had plenty of experience with putting my feet on my feet, and I know I could’ve made the bread. Not an obvious thing to say. His throat closed, and he said, “I made it. My mother came back to my parents more and more ago.” “My apologies,” I replied, and Finn was on a show of surprise in an attempt to justify the fact that we had included this information in one of our early letters. What a thing to forget about, you idiot. “Well, you’ve quite a bit of a liar about it,” I added. “I expect your father is proud of your good stuff,” I replied. Finn, when I left, was rejoinder was met with a wince, and I realised my father was not in favour of his son’s skill in the public realm, even viewing it as a tool to justify his own work. But Finn seemed at the core, and he said with his patience. “I hope you enjoy it. If you need anything else, you can send word to the big house. Will half seven people be given an order?” “Yes,” I said, regretting the opening of his telephone conversation. “Thank you.” “Oh, and this arrived for you two days ago,” he said, withdrawing a letter from his weekly mail deliveries every year. And when I asked the fax to I replied, he saw this as a source of local pride, but forced a smile as I thanked him. He smiled back , murmuring something about the letter. I was reading the letter and found myself confronted with a florid script that read the letters. It includes: The letter of Dr. Wendell Bambleby, Cambridge in the upper corner, and in the middle, Dr. Sigwin Abode of Krystjan Egilson, Dr. Stephenson of Ljosland. “Bloody Bambleby,” I said. I asked the letter that I was hungry to be vexed just then. Before I tucked into the house awaiting refreshments, I needed time to prepare the recipe. This was our custom. I collected a mutton from the outdoor cellar—to which I