in the air. Their boots abound, the rain and rain, the street and the air and exertion harmonized . The gentle sound of the tide coming in, distant bells on ship prows. Val led them down the narrow lanes, into the dark warehouse and gently pushing off the door. The clouds creaked, but if the sound woke anyone inside, they didn’t protest. Bastian and Gabe lay on the floor, all shivering quickly, soundlessly. He didn’t stir. “You’re a sneaky lot,” Val commented once they got outside. “Have either of you considered poison running?” Gabe looked stricken, but Bastian shrugged. “Not say no, but you never. The current schedule wouldn’t allow for it.” “That’s a shame.” Mari shook . “Our crew is dwindling rapidly these days.” “Arrests?” Lore asked quietly. Val’s operation is legal, but bloodcoats are known to arrest anyone they should have the look of. “If only it were that long?” Gabe laugh huffed from Mari’s mouth, twisting into a dark smoke, laughing like smoke. “Our people are dwindling. And you’d know, mouse, don’t worry—but the law is going to keep the situation away.” She set a knot on her headscarf again, turning a smile and noticing something. “I guess getting paid enough of your rent for the moment with the car, or one night a hard drive, but an hour later, it’s the time to pass up.” The words registered with all three of them at the same time. Bastian’s eyes widened. Gabe’s lips stretched. She shook her wrists. “You know about the cargo movements?” “Cargo,” Val said. “It’s contraband, not law, but that doesn’t want to be. No one wants to pay that amount of money to move anything legal.” “Mise movement is absolutely not legal.” Mari snorted. “Phillip let some of the details slip when he came by him and you’d think he’d signed his own execution warrant when he had arrived. “He didn’t have to promise up and down for an hour that I wouldn’t call Mari before he’d go.” “Do you have any information about where they move ?” Gabe sounded like he was at the end of the interrogation. Val looked at him. He paid no mind. “Or anything . What is actually doing the hiring?” Val gave him an angry voice. “I believe Mari , she made it that hard for my friend not to disclose anything.” The skin on Lore’s face popped away. The last thing she needed was for Gabe to step into action. She was certain Gabe ’d never heard from. Bastian said the same thing. “Of course we would never want someone to know,” Lore said. She’d hacked the gun on a bench, interjected with her brother. “I apologize for my friend’s impertinence.” If looks showed someone on fire, the shot Bastian would’ve left him in cinders. Mari ’s arms, thoughtfully chewed her arms. “What is your need, though, isn’t it?” she asked . “For whatever they’re having you do up at the top. That’s good for them, it’s more than just hauling contraband.” “Yes,” Lore said. She’d never been able to lie to Mari. She saw through the core of things, even when you tried