was what I believed. As I step home, my mother walked off. All of my actions. I push my car and drive off, the steering wheel unsteady beneath my body. I refuse to treat him as a crime, the way Virginia treated me to be innocent. Forcing him to live with me for the rest of his days. Driving a new boat. Driving us until we’ve become exactly like the Hope sisters—stuck . We live in a cycle of grief and guilt. The hope set me free—even if it might lead me to prison. I take the opportunity to come and get a stop at the gate, which blocks the driveway like the bars of a jail cell. I push it out to the car and hit the button embedded into the wall. As I walk back into the car, the gate is open. Then it stops. Then it stops. I walk out at the roof of the gate. So my frustration. Not this. Not now. As I march back to the gate, determined to push it down the way back to the gate, I hear footfalls fast and narrow in the direction of my head, interrupted by Carter’s panting voice. “Kit? Where are you ?” I spin back in front of his headlights as Carter emerges from the gate. “I heard what you was thinking.” I then pulled away and ran to take out my hand. Are you correct? “Yeah.” “Why?” I tried to say. “We were wrong.” My head arose at the gate, forgetting Carter’s warning when I first arrived. This place can bite. He was at least right about that. Because when I give the gate another tug, I touch the gate at the wrong time. The story of my left hand’s already wrapped in some of the bars before I feel it—a spot of rusted , weathered by salt air into a razor-sharp , and metal pierces the skin of my left hand. Swearing, I jerk my hand back and examine the gate. As I walk out, it runs small, the cut’s bad enough to leave me bleeding. At least it is nothing. The gate is now open enough for my car to walk out. “Wrong about what?” Carter starts his eyes. “Here is not your grandmother. She’s not even Lenora. She’s Virginia, Lenora’s sister.” Carter’s face pales and reels backward like a picture just been shot. “I—I don’t understand.” Carter starts walking toward the Escort. “Oh my, and I’ll tell you.” Carter doesn’t move as far behind the wheel of the engine. He points his head as well. “But I understand the need to leave this place . This can cause further trouble not just to me, but also to Carter as well. He can’t tell me,” Carter goes and heads to him. “Just for tonight. Come with me and we’ll—” I have no idea what we’ll hear, so I can find something out. I heard Archie Mayhew saying the same thing to Archie fifty-four years ago, urging me to leave while he loved to escape Hope’s End. Archie stayed. I can’t get up there. Without a word, he opens the passenger door and hits. I hit the gas pedal,