any easier for me, and I’m still relying on several trillion people to help me get my work in shape. Love, Theoretically was, a book I really wanted to write, and a book I wanted to write (go figure!). I owe a million thanks to my editor, Sarah Blumenstock (thank you for helping me keep that tab. It’s still mad you didn’t know about that panel), and all of my agent, Thao Le (thank you for being the only one who laughs at my jokes!), who constantly be in love in all my writerly endeavors and are the reason writing is such a joy for me. I’m truly honored to be able to work so hard about the two people I like so much. Also, all my readers thank Liz for her help in writing for my beloved Jen, Lucy, Margaret, and Nancy who worked hard through lackluster versions of this manuscript: this was the best you get for being friends of the world. And, you’re welcome to comment (although, I’m sorry—ILU). I am also grateful to my (anonymous) authenticity readers for their important and difficult work. In fact, I am incredibly fortunate to have the honor to get the best guys working on the paper (Kinson, Nancy, and Laura) who creates the covers of my dreams, and Rita Frangie and Vikki , to support my editorial work (Lindsey Tulloch), and countless people (Janice Lee) for my books. And, of course, the best marketing and publicity people. Bridget i, Jackson, and Tara O’Connor: Hi. I’m sorry if sometimes I ’m not a publisher, but I should get all about all the material available on Zoom. I really appreciate all the work and everything you do for me, and it’s the way I am. You deserve you, but please don’t worry. So, acknowledgments to my grandeditor, Cindy, and my grandpublicist, Paul. I would also like to thank all the foreign publishing professionals who have acquired and published my books abroad. I am so glad that The Love Hypothesis has reached so many different countries. I know that I owe all my love to all my friends, in particular, all my love to my team at Sextante/Arqueiro (and to my friend Nana) for having me to share this and giving me the experience of a lifetime, and to my team members (especially Stefanie ) for fitting so many cat cafés and Motel Ones in my future visit. When people ask me for guidance, what I mean is that what matters the most is to have a good support network, and mine always feels good. I owe so much to Lo, the Berkletes, and other friends who’ve been so supportive of me in the last few years. In particular, thanks to Lo, Christina, Adriana, and I especially to the Redwood staff for their constant friendship, patience, and kindness. (And okay, fine, thanks to my husband, too, for making really good decisions). Last but very much not least: God brings a lot of love to anyone who has read something I’ve written, ever. Time is a finite and precious resource, and I’m constantly overcome by the fact that people choose to comment on my words. So thank you, thank you! Thank you. Justin Murphy of Out