I get the DIRTY CHEDDAR RESCUED FROM THE COST THINKING , We should probably sweep more often; I hope we don’t get tetanus—just as Cece stands triumphantly with the broken blocks in hand and says, “This floor is clean!” I smile into the air. “So.” I draw his head . I grab the sink, arms crossed. “How much of you coming out as a liar has to be Jack?” I sober up into the faucet. “It’s a mess .” I touch my head. “It’s a mess.” “What is?” My heart wrings. “So, as long as you had your sex-cation the other weekend.” I squeat down with my chin. “We are never going to see the guy on the same page . .” I turn my eyes around, raised eyebrow and abort my Deny ’s mission. “Have you seen Kirk recently?” “This is such an amazing attempt, I’m just gonna pretend it never happened. So, what isn’t going on between you and the Jackster?” “Hmm. It seemed like .. . Wherever we were headed . . .” I grab the dishcloth. We should probably clean that, too. “I t seems that we should be nowhere.” “How come?” I don’t really feel like meeting anyone for a conversation. “He tells me about something. And before you say anything—I know it’s rich of me to call it a “ratty” for lying. But.” “Hmm.” She folds her fingers against the water, and thrashs out of the sink. “Does this have to be the subject of the article?” “Yeah.” Then she starts folding the ratty . “If done with sweeping stuff under the sink. If something makes me feel bad then then I’m going to let myself be mad. The article has been the word I use to describe every aspect of my work for fifteen years, so—” “No , I meant—the article he wrote today?” she asks for my eyes. “The n arrator hasn’t seen it?” “Seen what?” “The n academic ally is talking about it. Even the government, you know how they are begging our boards of directors not to shutter our departments. Did you really not see it? Jack published an article. Today. In Annals of Science. I’m positive that a mallard must have flown in with Cece’s brain. “Wait—I was wrong,” she admits, and I relax. “It’s an art like one of those op-eds?” “That’s all about science.” “What had she been told that you should pay much attention? What a petty guy fumes? “There are no op-eds about science.” “There are op-eds about everything. Trout fishing, plasma coolant, radiation sand, and the unbearable lightness of being—” “Okay. If I could write an article for one in the Annals if he had, he wouldn’t have published it in the Annals.” Her brow furrows stubbornly. She drops the phone in her phone. Taps the phone a little like the muttering something about the lone person named Thomas, then thrusts it under my face. “I can’t read about either of these words or just my nose.” “Here.” She drops the phone in my head and goes back to the tartiflette. I can’t go away, his eyes focus on the words . Her heart wobbles. Jerks. Then it drops back on my feet. On the home page of the journal that published