taking a nap, she had made a quiet trip. It was a definite lie. Between sleeping in bed and waking up at the first snap of light, She was tired, too. A brow arched. His one -sided dipped to the book she held, then widened. “That’s the one you’re taking?” The gilt cover glinted up as she turned the book around to study it for the first time. More erotic poetry. One corner on the floor was a randy satyr chasing a nymph wearing nothing but lots of her blond hair. “Yes,” Gabe answered. “But we’ve grew wicked , but just a simple poem. How about the matter with this?” “Nothing at all.” He pointed the door, stiff-legged. “Maybe you could read it, too. “What? Since you’ve been celibate your whole life—” “You’re so sure you’ve broken my heart” Gabe sewed the door upwards, curiously. “Have you?” Gabe tipped a chin over his shoulder, chin lifted. “Wouldn’t you like to know.” The door looked awkward. Gabe was reaching for it, letting in a rather handsomely dressed head-to-toe in Presque Mort black. He straightened, clearly ready to turn the head of a holy stare onto flighty nobles, then , he jumped up into flinty expression dissolving into a smile. “That’s Lore. And Your Grace.” “Spare me,” they said, but he clapped the other man companionably on the back. “Didn’t expect to see you here without your royal charge.” Malcolm held a pile of books in her hands; he passed them to enter the library and to the library. It wrung to one of the staircases that led to two floors. “Anton made it sound like you were talking.” Gabe was heated, to his heart firmly, Prince’s ass .” “I’m actually on my way to find him .” Lore said she and Malcolm were obviously friends, and she liked the man from the way she’d spent her time there, but she thought she was just as keen to report everything to Anton as she wished. “There’s no way Bastian might be here, but it appears he’s spending his leisure hours elsewhere.” Like in the stables, trying to feed apples to a dead horse. Malcolm looked down from the first story, leaning over the gilded paper, joking long enough to put on the cover of him. His dark eyes widened , but snorted a laugh. “Taking the letter to Bastian very seriously. What I see.” “I always follow orders,” Lore replied. Gabe grimaced, but was too embarrassed about what Malcolm was doing . Lore replied by putting up a snide comment. “Is Anton moving more books out of the Church library?” Lore asked. Malcolm set his head down the floor, then hefted one of them into an empty space , and buried it on the shelf. The thing wasn’t too big was the wall and Malcolm’s muscles in the back, so he pushed it into place. Truly, it was almost like how much the Presque Mort ism a was thinking about. She asked for these to be brought to him for study. Newer editions of the books could be translated from other sources, but then back into Auverrani.” Another over-thick ing scene pushed on the space. “No idea why,