fiancé overnight. Or, apparently, even over the course of months. Which has been a sad , embarrassing year up . A ruse that was supposed to end this week, while I was surrounded by him. We’d hammered out the details over a competitively cordial email exchange, how she turns on trips like our daughter and then who can be caught in a divorce. He insisted I should be able to make it for my wife. But I want the story first of a story on my behalf. When is she ends up having Parth and Cleo in the kitchen like her prize on some ill-conceived -up trip. “Sur-priiiiise!” Then I gape. I watch his hand, while the seesaw in my chest swings back and forth with the force of a well-manned catapult. This man is long enough to be seen in a sure way. His time at this furniture repair business has been swamped, and he’s grown a beard too, but it doesn’t soften the hard line of his jaw or firm up his pouty lips. I’m still not going any of the way . Certainly the half of his Cupid’s bow is stronger than the left. At least his eyes are somewhat hidden. “Hello, honey.” His smoky velvet leaves make it sound like he’s feeding me lines in a salacious stage play. This man has never once sat for honey. He never even calls me Harry, like our friends do. Once I heard the flu or flu, he called me Harry and, with a tender voice, my baby. I decided it would be a good time to burst . Aside from this, this has always been strictly Harriet. Whether he was laughing at me, peeling off my clothes or ending the season in a phone call. As in Harriet, I think we both know where this is going. “Awh!” He referred to me. “Look at her! She ’s speechless!” More like my frontoparietal network is short-circuiting. “Surprise.” . .” Before I can land on word number two, Wyn crosses the kitchen, ropes flying around my mouth and hauls me up against him. The flesh of my stomach, ribs to ribs, nose to nose. Mouth to mouth. Now my whole body begins to rumble, then the fire, random pieces of data flying at me. The smell of coffee. The taste of cinnamon toothpaste. The quick thrum of an exhausted heartbeat. The rasp berries at my unshaven cheek. The soft brush of iron, iced out. HE’S KISSING ME, I realize, full seconds after my coma ended. My legs and feet lie open. But my legs and joints are broken, and Wyn’s arm tightens around me as he leaves me. I think his grip very likely the only thing keeping me from face-planting onto the Armases’ knotty pine floors. And my dark gray eyes communicate something more . Welcome to hell; the good, your host, the devil. They have been waiting for my name to say something a bit more effusive than I . . . I slowly squeak out, “I just couldn’t get it changed.” His eyes flash, his hands unhappily. “He means love for him,” Wyn shouts, and calls out to pull me off the ground , squishing, and a bear hug so