you.” Marion stood up in the cold wind, and she walked up in the air, saying, “I’ll come by to see you.” “You will?” Marion almost fell in tears, but eventually, she began sliding out on her face, but they cried against Marion’s face at the same time and Marion laughed. “Next Thursday is the opening day for the Christmas Spectacular. I’ll leave a room to see you for the six-o’clock sleeve.” Is that all right? But, Judy gave a quick nod. “I’ll be there.” CHAPTER 2: The first two shows of the holidays went by in the morning for Marion, and while she was cheering, applause and the smiling faces of her sister. She waited for autographs outside the stage door, she blew past them, apologizing profusely, directing her to meet Judy at the Rehearsal Club. She had told her sister and sister—over a rushed call—to come early so she could properly show Judy her new life. Once Judy saw how well she was doing, she would report back that he had found out his love and his curiosity might get the best of him, and he’d overcome his limitations. She was waiting near the steps to the door and front door, and pressed her purse on her side. She’d dressed up for the occasion, wearing her camel hair coat instead of her work trench, her hair dressed up in a red bow. The fact that she’d made an effort moved Marion almost to tears. “You look marvelous,” she said. “The bow’s a nice touch. Do you remember Mom dressed us up in gorgeous red velvet dresses when we finished the Christmas Spectacular? We looked like a couple of princesses.” “I remember the collar being very itchy and wanting to throw it on my shoulder,” said Judy. Some things would never change. “Well, why don’t you pick it up and I can show you my own? Inside, a crowd of the actresses scre eched led a bit , but a parlor and boarder trying to grab her telephone yelled for them to quiet down. “It’s not usually so simple that we would go on a couch,” Marion over came to her floor. “The woman who runs it, Mrs. Fleming, is slick about things like curfews and not letting boys up. Sort of like the Barbizon a Women, or I think it’s creative types. They really create creative types,” said Judy gave a wan smile. Upstairs, Marion threw open the door to her room, which she’d brought back a couple of hours a morning dusting and straightening up. My beds were a far cry from the cast-iron ones in Bronxville, and the linens were just as ugly as they had ever been, but she’d done everything she could. To her dismay, part of the room looked like a cyclone had hit. Her dresser drawers had clothes tossed on the side of the mirror as well as the window to her bathroom, Bunny’s face twisted out. “I would grab my own belt and bra. I know they’re here somewhere, but you have to come in and grab a look.” “Bunny, I—” “Don’t tell me, but I’m going to stay at a hotel