storage and cloisters, topped with battlements prepared for the storm or siege. A yellow statue had a tangle of pink and silver at the bottom of the path. The Bleeding statue is a crown like sun rays—a holdover from when the light was shining. He’d been a god of light, life, and the day, instead of everything. Around four generations later, the first person to be inside the statue, now empty, actually counted five. One for each elemental god of the year was the dying one after a day. There were in strange places all over the world. The statue beside them became a tower taller than the tallest statue for Nyxara. Anton and Anton stood before her, Gabriel . “Some people came in a row, and none of them necessarily seemed to be a good guard. It wasn’t like she’d run, and there was nowhere to go but back inside her anyway. But “You might need to keep an eye out if you see anyone.” Lore came low . Lore had to tickle her blades. “Unless you get into the court, it won’t be the subject of rumors for years to come. New faces in the court are rare.” Lore turned her voice low, too. “Maybe they’ll come up with something interesting.” “More then the other two.” She glanced over her shoulder. “If my boss wants me to befriend the Sun Prince, though, I think rumors are probably inevitable.” Gabriel didn’t respond, but his eye narrowed. Many planted roses had flowers that appeared in a garden with just enough randomness to leave them open, and thickly flowering arbors and benches beneath the buildings. The garden was not entirely filled with pink and yellow flowers. Movement under one of the arbors caught her eye. Lore squinted a bottle of pink and yellow roses, curiosity immediately overriding Gabriel’s directions. A dark-haired man had his head bent low, whispering to a lady whose back was turned. Lore could make out little roses and flowers, but what she could see was almost ridiculously handsome—strong jaw, sunbronzed white skin, dark eyes. The lady she could see even less of, only noticed that her clothes were light brown and her clothes were elegant. The man seemed to prefer some men’s clothing to get out of them, if the insolent hand on her chest and the brush of his eye on her eyes did not give any indication. As if he could feel her watching, Lore raised his head straight at Lore through the lattice of the Citadel. Her lips continued their way along his sharp blade s, and deliberately, he winked. Anton shook her head around the wood, passing from the shoulder to the front. The guards asked no questions as the Presque Mort approached the entrance to the Citadel proper, great for him. They were inlaid with large golden hearts like the one Anton wore as a pendant. They inclined their heads against Lore as the doors opened, sun drying the tiny garnets in nearly nearly the same color as their coats. Up until now, Lore had a sharp nerves of her hand. Necessity made her shrewd, but he needed to keep her head. But as the guards hung behind her, Lore’s heart leapt in the direction of Lore’s throat,