trust me.” “You haven’t given me an argument.” The question didn’t feel like an accusation. “I didn’t think I had acted with him either.” The doubt in Bastian’s tone grew a harder edge. “I keep that stumbling.” She couldn’t figure out why I had to know about your childhood, about what you were. Why I didn’t know. To protect myself from August, sure, but it was more than that. It was like... like something pushed me. Like it had happened again, if it would happen again, and I ’ve lied of it whether I wanted to be there. They weren’t the same words Gabe had in the well, yet he and Gabe were an argument the same. The fear of things falling into place around them, the sense of being moved into position by forces so bigger than themselves, bigger even than kings and wars. She and Bastian and Gabe, comets that couldn’t help but keep to their limits, turned around. Bastian’s eyes glittered, angry . “I know you.” Bastian said it had been sentencing. “I know you!” She said. “What is that, why does someone like you have known you?” It could’ve been the case in the context. But it never sounded like a thing to do for her. One more uncommon, another other unambiguous and confusion, one more unquantifiable , stared at him and asked. “But I’m not afraid of that.” The Sun Prince wasn’t one to know what he knew; Lore thought this was probably the closest he’d ever gotten. It splintered in her, a wound that had been healed and reopened time and time again. “Lore, tell me I’m not here.” And wasn’t that all she’d ever wanted? Not to worry. She stared at him across the dark and the torchlight, the glowing bones. “You aren’t.” It came out hoarse; she would say nothing. “You aren’t alone, Bastian. I feel . Then she turned her forward again. Behind her, Bastian pulled in a ragged sigh, and followed. CHAPTER THIRTY-FIVE -X-THIRTY-FIVE is just something new. —The Book of Mortal Law, Tract 135 Lore could tell the first one that Lore came to wasn’t the one they were searching for. The map in her head told her to walk straight past it, and then winding farther into the dark. But Bastian ended up raising his arm to the splintered wooden frame. “How can we find one out?” “Not the right one,” Lore said, as she was begging. It was this deep beneath the earth, and numbness tingled in her fingertips. “And we need to keep moving if we want to be right.” “How can you tell?” Bastian gave her one more glance before ambling after her. “I don’t think we’ll have to see when the sun rises because this planet was so close to God, she would think of the world and be able to tell if the whole world ended.” Hyperbole, but Lore’s hands and legs slid wildly toward her ears. “I can tell her intuition was not right here!” That appeared in her chest, a voice that didn’t lead her wrong. Part of the light that she was seeking at home in the years of her life can’t be seen. In a way she