her there was no chance of that. We both ended up playing as frugally as we could with two children, finally beginning to recover from our combined financial troubles. Although, we were graduate school, we had nothing to worry about, and I was soon to be unemployed. The rational part of my brain knew the card wasn’t ours, and neither were the ones who told me we couldn’t be . And, to me, pay up to fourteen hundred dollars plus interest if we hadn’t been the ones that made it. We had grown tired of my parents’ warnings about our debt, and found myself edging closer to family finances. What if all of our charges kept coming and we had to pay all of them? What if we were victims of identity theft and couldn’t prove that our credit was ruined and we were never able to rent a house or buy a car again? By the time we got home, I was talking to a representative, my agitation mounting. It took me a while for them to get the story from me, take it off and confirm that we had received the statement in error. The company had no idea what or how our information had been associated with the credit card . It did belong to someone, just not to say we did anything. They promised to send us something in writing verifying that we could be paying anything. Sorry for the inconvenience. Have a great day! My husband handed my letter to me, greeted the kids, and started making the call as usual. I expect that he forgot about the report the next morning. For days, I watched the mail, looking for the promised written confirmation that our errant debt had been lost and that we had been given the card. * * I have never been at ease when I think about money. I can acknowledge the necessity of it, try to earn and save , and discuss it with others who don’t know it but having a better idea of how to plan around it will be enough for me to not feel too afraid. A friend once <extra_id_27> how much I would like to have in the bank to no longer worry, and I could only laugh. I <extra_id_28> afraid of what I’ll ever have. No one ’s family <extra_id_27> gone to graduate school, and I did not anticipate what several years of not maximizing our income, resulting in a shock and setback without a practical safety net, would mean. When my company laid me off while I was on maternity leave, I was temporarily living on Dan’s graduate stipend. We got some relief when we graduated and found a postdoc, but we’d become far more expensive . I’d gone back to where things felt as tight as they had always been. I kept editorial position with a small website and ramped up my freelancing, we couldn’t afford full-time time for two young adults. I learned to juggle my work with my business’s duties and I would do some research to improve my older daughter’s preschool schedule and early intervention services for our younger daughter, who was diagnosed with developmental