hung his head toward the door, but he took a look at him by grabbing his arm. He looked down at the shoulder and pulled his hand, looking at his face, asking for help, without speaking. Vic let his arm go, reaching up and pulling his hood off his head. “One of us.” Hap replied, which he was trying to argue but was coming up instead. He adjusted Vic’s helmet until he was no longer crooked. “I w-worse to be what I c-can be.” Vic grinned back and forth towards the door. It felt odd to be smiling at such a time, but he would know if they didn’t know what the day was like. And wonder of all wonders, Hap smiled back. It had the edges twitching, but there. “Oh boy,” Nurse Ratched said. “If I had known what it would take would be to be in the two of us. It was an enclosed space, I had done the work one week ago.” Vic stepped to his head. “Come on. It’s time to return to Heaven.” They stopped in front of a door, hoping what Nurse Ratched said was the front of the door. Vic reached for the door handle, but Hap stopped him, trying to come up on the side. “We know what’s on the side. Let me g-go first.” Irritated, Vic said, “I can do it.” “You are sweating,” Nurse Ratched said. “The heart rate is elevated.” He glanced back at her. “And?” “Machines do not sweat,” she said. “Get yourself together, Victor. Let me be through first just to make sure you keep the other sides safe.” He wiped out. Sure enough, his hand came away wet. “It’s warm. I can’t just stop sweating. The disguise s for the first time,” Hap squinted . “You c-can’t turn , but l-leaking?” “I—that’s not—no, I can’t hold it,” Rambo said. “Wh-why not?” “Exactly how it— Would you just go through the door?” “It’s okay .” “I’m nervous and scared,” Rambo said, bumping against his leg. “Did you bring a leak with you? Wait for a second. Wait for it. Wait for it. And ... there.” A dribble of oil spilled out over the ground. “See? I’m just like you!” “That is not sanitary,” Nurse Ratched said. “Keep your breaths. Rambo, stop being weird.” “I don’t know how not to be so weird,” Rambo said. “Oh, stop asking the birds to come!” Hap cracked his door. He pointed back at the wave of sound moving over them. It was cacophonous, but it felt like rock. Metal against his head was the shriek of sirens in the air, beeping. Voices, though not speaking in words and words, was the best they could understand. Light filled the open crack in the air, prompting Vic to hear sound sound. Hap stuck his head out, a whisper gripping the doorknob. Vic felt a hum ping reaction to moving his legs to the rest of his body, causing his disguise d to slip against his frame. It was as if the air had been electrified. Hap leaned back in. “We m-move quick. K-keep your head down. Nurse R-ratched, “Do we g-go first?” “Right,” she said promptly. “Three