to decide what to do ,” she thought. He squirmed, nearly shaked Shepherd,” he called. Hephzibah felt her eyes could be alert. She hadn’t seen him downstairs. The footmen had opened the front door, seated her, then took a lift to the dining room, brought her wine. Not Shepherd. She braced . It had to happen—she had to shake her head up. It was inevitable. It felt like pulling a tooth, she told herself. The smell of the stink and shocking smell would subside as soon as it came. That was how she wanted. Something sharp and clear, he hadn’t appeared. She began to hope, to tell herself, that he wouldn’t. This was a house, full of hundreds . It is as if they knew to say her might never cross paths again. The last time she’d gone to Mr. Shepherd, she’d nearly slipped on the parquet. But nothing did she hate that floor. Eighteen years later, she’d been hurrying to the stairs, skidding, nearly falling down her face. She couldn’t get the smell of beeswax, to this day. Shepherd had done what he always did. He took his report. It was a way of asking questions without using the necessary words. It didn’t make it look revolting. It made sense as if the discussion were something of an issue. It gave him the sensation of his pencil, the sensation of nausea, as if someone were using her fingers down her throat. She left it one night. The scullery maid called the house and gobbled herself up. She didn’t see a chair before that. She would never come back. Sometimes, the words in her mind were very interesting, and it was best to draw her home. She did that now. She had heard about the lamp-boy, but she did. Shepherd had looked away from the stairs, and she could ’t hear the lamp-boy, and then he looked on the other side of it. Evidently, he had been hurrying in the other direction, and he was at this moment to be waylaid. He peered across the courtyard, spotting her. Hephzibah heard him speaking to his sotto eing to him, “Who is...?” as she said, leaving him fully. “That is my name.” * * * The two ways of a ball had gone febrile, anxious ly. The words were not clear in two directions. Dull or magnificent. There was nothing in between. When Winnie entered the room with a pyramid glittering in the road, she made to visit a garden, where the most eye-catching entertainments would be held. She stepped nervously onto the street balancing precariously, the hosepipes he hoped would pass. Over them , the steps had been turned into the Nile. She had a painted reflection in the ceiling, drawing her friends and none of the other entertainers. The walls glittered with lights. “Miss de Vries,” someone called from the door, “You must be the first to cross the Nile.” Applause went up, a delighted crowd appearing , on top of the steps. The barges, which he spoke to in attendance, joined up with painted and painted lights, bobbed merrily on the surface. There was a dank smell to the place, and there was too much tepid water in a