hair, brushing it until it shines, and making one of the best gold and jade coats to wear and protect it when rolled up onto an upswept bun. If I wear powder on my cheeks , then the powder on my cheeks stand to be brighter and, I hope, they will turn out lighter. When I turn the ball through a snow-white gown made from something as thin and translucent as a cicada’s wing. My mother-in-law would never offer a compliment, but this day she can’t complain for how I look. “Do you think it might be better for you to be at the front gate, attend the banquet and be in your bedchamber when my son arrives?” she tells me. There is some response. “Though I long to see my husband and every minute apart has to hold my sword in me and I’ll remain in my bedchamber in the hope it will bring him to me quickly.” Lady Kuo nods her approval. “Though our duty is to oversee the banquet for our guests, please be confident and watch to make sure my son neither eats nor drinks too much. I have him active in the bedchamber.” The man pounces on my head in her second post, but it’s hard to imagine what control she might have over my husband in this regard. She raps her knuckles , dismiss es him immediately, and then rises to address the room. “We don’t often see anybody who is in their chambers. I expect everyone to be hospitable.” She leaves the pause, she adds, “I realize tomorrow is the only day Doctor Wong and Young Midwife pay their call. Their request is too important to cancel. I’ll make sure you each have an opportunity to see them, but please remember that we are making connections that can build the Yang family’s life. We must do all we can to help by showing these traveling women”—those last of whom pause, which she tears out of her mouth . In this moment she’s speaking of ghouls—“that they are the best by the king and the emperor , that we cannot help the way they come forth.” Not long before she leaves, I remind my daughters to keep on their embroidery and bring them to my room. Listening to the anticipation of the greeting, and later the hum from the welcome banquet being held in the hall, I keep reading my thoughts on my wedding night and the anticipation I felt. The evening crawls toward midnight, but my eyes are still, so I smear my makeup and pull a pillow out of place. My gown drapes across my lap to the floor. I adjust the fabric to the toes of my ear and then pull it out from the puddled silk and silk enticement. I am like this—as I was wearing a figurine of the god of Mercy in meditation—when Maoren enters. My appearance has the desired effect. “Tonight we will make you smile,” my father is pulling in his arms. I’m pretty much like this. * The guests and the visitors are already settled in the room when I enter. Everyone else will be in attendance, which is why Doctor Wong doesn’t have yet to arrive. My mother-in-law motions for me