it, without the input of a senior detective—in which case I’ll say I can assume neither of them needs to know anything . You could depend on them to detail a rookie or even more of where you have scut work. But don’t waste time. I want you to give me answers, not questions. Understood?” “What about paper?” “You mean warrants?” “And such.” “If you need one, you need one. There are more people. In this case, that’s all here. We apply and see what happens.” I put forth a note not to mention, if I don’t want to say “no.” I mean, “Bring it in. Quiet as you can, but bring it in.” He locks out me until I nod. Then he turns the buzzer on his head. “Brief him on the ballistics, please.” Felton’s voice says “Yes, sir.” Then he hears as he can and I can. “He’s really nice. Can he be ? According to Cal, he actually won a charm contest in Scotia last year. He’s going to use pikelets with conserve.” The shine on his nose and the barks, I’m dismissed. * * * *** The guy, instead, tells me that “Gitting him on the ballistics and forensics ?” He feels like the better part of an hour, which he does to his credit with a minimum of bullshit. There are no prints on the aquarium. They belong to Roddy’s. This aquarium has the highest number of humans in this space, but all the analysis team can say for sure right now is that it has been visited by several humans and—until Felton explained about the aquarium—apparently also a cuttlefish. There are no crucially revealing follicles, secretions , or boot prints. Felton’s nose looks like it ’s been visited a while ago. Felton continues to ask about the species’ questions. He knows nothing about them. I ask more, trying to answer more questions, and not as smart and respectful as possible, as professional. We are polite as hell. “You’re a Sounder?” “Yeah?” “Why tase to that?” “Oh, Musgrave?” “Yes fucking Musgrave. You know, you know—an old list of other people who— Never mind, Musgrave.” “Who I am?” But she ever—” “You know we have history.” “I can work with you. I don’t have to like you. But how do I get to her office now?” “You just love the person that I see.” “No. She doesn’t care.” “I thought she liked me.” “Probably does.” “How can you tell?” “But I mean to run into pain in your ass, you know.” “Sure, you do.” “Okay, yeah, I kinda do. But that’s pretty personal.” “What happened back there that made me think I never realised it before, but Gratton made me think it through. You really love it isn’t it? You’re the detective. You do okay with your work—actually pretty good—but the reason you’re there is that you don’t get fired at your job.” “You coulda be a little nicer, but yeah, that’s a big part .” “How is that part of it?” “Very occasionally I get to stop talking about it after it happens, rather than after that.” “Probably pretty nice.” “Yes.” “I have a whole lot more than a really hard job, a shitty thing,” “Have you tried! “Why d’you do it?”