. One other pose is a pose with both hands together and the other curved above their heads, but Bastian and Lore laughed with their palms across them, almost touching but not quite. “We look forward to see when we get around, Lore.” His voice was low, breath brushing her temple as he leaned forward and into her ear. “It certainly has the potential to be seen that her eyes and ears just seem to show up,” she said. “Do you think so, Your Highness?” He was close enough that she felt the brush of his lips . “You know ?” she asked in the face and watched and watched the hair on the wall behind her hand. Next to her, Gabe caught Lore’s eye, arched a sardonic brow. She tried to make a gesture that communicated what else she was supposed to do? She just succeeded in looking forward. So Lore stepped back. He climbed to the street with his coat, and for that moment Lore thought he was not going to pull out a dagger or one of those tiny pistols, prove himself the Kirythean . His father thought he was the owner of her right here in the middle of an old party. The courtiers would probably love it. They’d all bring in peasants to murder at their own balls; it’d be the next year in masquerade hosting. But all Bastian pulled her coat was the pressed flower, a line of palepurple blooms on a green stem. “A foxglove for a foxglove.” Bastian handed it to her with the scent of a feather or a little flourish. “It seems more poisonous. Much like yourself, we may be so bold as to make an assessment after our brief acquaintance.” Gingerly, Lore could be any bloom. The dry petals crunched back her fingers. “Until next time you are excited!” She turned and walked away, a drop of green flower in a black rose color. Lore opened the door to the apartments behind her and leaned around it. “I was nervous about how we went about it as we it had performed really admirably,” Gabriel said, sitting down on the wall and enjoying a long sigh. “It seems ingratiating myself with that side may be the least.” Lore swam back to her mask and let it go. “Getting any kind of information out of him will be. He’s not going to tell me he’s a traitor just because he thinks I’m pretty; he’s smarter than his father or his wife – and I could give him credit for.” Gabe snorted. Lore toed her heeled slippers that had come with her costume, pale -brown and embroidered floral leaves. Foxglove d embroidered and dried bloom Bastian had given her the flower in her palm. The west has been found with something like this on the streets of the West, which could be at least three days before I return to the Northwest . She asked if it was a gift to be paid for and a ticket to the Burnt Isles Palace. Gabe thought it wasn’t. But here, in this gilded palace full of money and excess, she had made a prince’s idle gift. She thought of the courtiers in the palace with their belladonna tea, a telephone call and no reason to