how easy it is to talk to him, but I didn’t want to talk for an hour and a half . I guess I just thought I’d be . . . so ... because it would be more successful by now,” I say, brushing this off with a hollow laugh. “So there it is. It’s not going to be that simple, the biggest thing I can do is to be famous or anything. I want to create something I can be proud of. You know?” “I do,” he says quietly, his eyes heavy on him, and the creases on either of them making him weary for the first time all evening. I want to serve a pizza and continue with his self-appointed tour guide, I go deep into Seattle lore, and look at the Jimi Hendrix statue on the intersection of Broadway and Pine, the temple that might be a Masonic temple. At one point, he holds out his phone, beckoning me closer to what’s on the ground. “I googled ‘dearly beloved.’ You may believe it was a big funeral, too.” I exaggerate a bit. “I hate d it.” “Would a churro make it better?” he asks, gesturing . The food truck rolls over the next block, and I instantly brighten. We take him to a busy Cal cutta Beach neighborhood that even this late is full of food, drinking, dancing to music , phones and playing with their kids. “I’m kind of upset when your pigs were such agents of chaos,” I say. “Or we would have met.” “God bless , Judith.” Drew nudges his churro on the paper to take a bite. As he does this, his jeans brush against mine, our hips just barely touching. My lungs catch to inhale, and when I finally let out , I can sense the heat in my air, not just along my thigh but in the vein of my ankle. “My skins pound like that” my all his back and neck. He’s one way stronger than I am, but all night, he’s carried over the bench with a lot of mud over, though not like I am. Drew doesn’t slouch, but he doesn’t even look over those of us who are vertically challenged. We could spread out if we wanted to; the bench is big , and a lot of it quickly becomes evident when none of us wants to. This whole thing is surreal. There’s no desire to check out the time or chart the route, the way I might envisioned it. There’s no idea of me at a gathering that’s gotten too people-y. When I’m on deadline, I’ve got to know what I’m thinking. I sent off a final revision of the draft book last week, and now I’m waiting for everyone to submit me to read the book. I’m browsing job websites, sitting in that strange void of my tummy. That is the first time since that mistake with Wyatt that I’ve felt at home in my own skin. Maybe it may be then, if I’m being honest. “Seattle is winning me over,” Drew says. “I might even be a little sad for tomorrow.” When he says it, there’s an awful lot of interest in