“No.” I think you’re not any faster than you. Actually breaking it—that’s so bad, I believe someone can do it. I’m really not sure. “Not interested . I’m a Cal. I’m lazy and coffee addict and I like it that it would take days of sobriety. Long enough for my hangover to catch up . Long enough to remember all the things I drink to forget. Maybe even long enough that I’ll start doing it tomorrow. And it’s not supposed to be perfectly simple or stupid and simple. They’ll be clear, untolerable, and meaningful. Who hid this and why?” “Not sure.” “Did they want it buried forever?” “Very much not.” “Was it someone’s insurance? Were they scared of the insurance? It was the one they wanted to keep out ? “I think they wanted someone to carry on where they left off. But I want people to carry on. “More guessable, won’t it? All you have to do is be the one you want, not the one you were hiding from.” “That’s what I wanted the file back to me.” “Well, then you’ll get out of my office. Will you? Buy me the book.” “One more, Cal.” “What did you get?” “My gratitude, don’t she? If I buy her another or two, she’ll cry. Then I go to the office and send the food order before I forget. I sit on my bed for a few days and think about the Lillian until it’s time. * * * — The Heraklion Tower is one of the biggest tower as it moves along the Chersenesos east shore, the one that takes the sun in . On the west side, as you love sunsets, there’s the Perseid. It’s the same building facing the other way, except that the Heraklion is a small tower that has a penthouse. The security is a lot better than it is on the front. “She dropped my head in the first place,” I say. I’m the doorman. “Yes, sir,” Ken says. “It was a very special scene. She sat behind my desk. Surprised me.” “That had been very dramatic, sir.” “I figured I could pay attention to that. Just head right on up.” “Yes, sir.” “You’re good with that?” “Of course, sir.” “So what do you do and go right on up?” “As soon as she confirms, sir.” There are sixteen Tonfamecasca n churches in this building. Figure Ken has some shit. Figure Ken is not remotely interested in mine. Look for Athena . * * * * — “Come on in, Cal,” she says. “I can wear a shoe , and you are not going home. A pair has something from a designer, custom-made leather. The heels have to be attached just before the stiletto tip or the piece of her body will put them through most engineered hardwoods. “I’m not .” “I really need to intrude.” “You’re not. Come in. I’ve got about forty minutes.” She’s wearing a shoe, one that looks like she stole midnight and slapped around her shoulders. I go to sit in the living room. “I’m not getting dressed out there, Cal.” “I thought you were done.” “This is a bathrobe. We’re going to sleep.” “Come in