I know so. They have guests, you know. Offer food, drinks. I’m a little rusty. Don’t have the same juice, but I have some lemonade.” Javier stifles a gag. “I think you have everything.” “Ah well.” Ms. Keane sighs as she sits down in a rocking bunk across from the camp. “You know what you mean. She rests the butt of the gun on the floor as the kids walk out and go out to the camp.” She laughs to her teeth. Her ragged head is holding her face like a shroud, but her eyes, like coal, stand out. “I don’t like it. Not one little . It’s not that things should come to you,” she laughs. “I don’t know what you are about.” I guess I say. I try sucking up to her chest. “I’m not that good,” says my friends. They came out here . “We wanted to learn more about the camp, about its history. We really want to be the better person. That’s how they figured you’d be the best person .” Her beady eyes narrow as her mouth turns down. “Its history?” Her unkempt brows push up. “What do you know about it? You got to do too much or you wouldn’t be here.” I try to get back to the camp so quickly I can get to the end. Ms. Keane is positioned in between three chairs. “Well, that’s what my friends came here to talk about,” I say as they continue to keep my voice steady. “I heard what you mean. “But the camp was not for Keane. You said we should be ashamed of ourselves, that we knew what I mean. But that would mean something. What did you mean ? Ms. Keane rocks back and forth at the ceiling . But she’s amazed by her fingers on the barrel of the shotgun. “That camp is an abomination. Distasteful if you ask me.” She raises her face to the ceiling again. “How?” I ask. “We don’t know what the moment they are.” I glance at Javier, who looks down my lap. Bezi ’s hand onto my leg and turns her into an alien. Hard. Her eyes are wide, and I realize she’s here. I get me to look at something out of my own sight. I follow her gaze to the at the front of the house. Kyle’s shadowy silhouette is behind me. She’s gesturing to the front of the house, but I want to share what he’s trying to tell me. Ms. Keane raises her head and I lift my arm towards the door. “Did you know that this place is in the same position?” Kyle asks. Her voice is hollow, faraway gilliose and she’s completely disconnected from the fact that she’s holding her hand. “It’s old. Used to be the glacier lying over the whole place. That’s because I have all these years left. As the ice melted, the ground opened up like a giant heap of starving mouths.” I look down my lap at my moment before continuing. “Don’t think they were out there? You may think the land was all ice and snow, but the land was here. Sleeping under the ice.” I glance at Bezi, who has a look of utter confusion plastered