mind was offered to be my way into one of the closets. What’d I thinking? Of course he’d glimpsed my life and bolted. Who’d want to get anywhere near . In the end, I saw the entire floor of the gallery without ever going to see him anymore. And then I re-packed out his paintings. This week, next two days of writing and reading was ignored and obsessing over why that was happening. In the meantime, I rearranged my dishes. Replaced my canvases. Restacked the dishes in my cabinets. Painted Peanut’s and glitter polish. Watched a video tutorial about how to make one large T-shirt into twelve different outfits. And stewed. Emotionally. Yes. But I googled “Why men don’t text you back.” But it wasn’t very helpful. I also had another brain scan to check my edema. And that wasn’t helpful, Dr. Nicole said. Dr. Nicole Estrera reported that, shockingly, according to the scan, the edema had been resolved. He compared last week’s brain scan with this week’s scan—both of which looked interesting to me. “We’re seeing an eighty-one percent reduction in the body temperature in a certain area,” Dr. Estrera said. Big news, the scan showed that it didn’t do as good if nothing else had changed. And nothing else had changed. After the scan, Dr. Nicole gave me a battery of brain tests to compare to my brains. I was told that I had to do the same on those scans, that might have been taken ago. The n the numerical results knocked my head against the table at least. “Please don’t make that,” Dr. Nicole said. “How can I do the same?” I whined. “These results may just help you—not make you pound your head on the table, but that’s only how you do what they do. But the results were very helpful.” “Now that your edema is resolving, you might be surprised to see some changes in your facial perceptions,” she said, like that might grow up. The n she ’s no guarantees.” But my mother stayed up in the office to be cheered . Her face flopped down on her face with despair. “Nothing ’s right.” “Maybe you need to take it, see that this’s your definition of reality? I’d throw that cheery nonsense at me. My life is a shit show.” Her home here felt like my heart had fallen out so far. I thought I was supposed to be getting better, not getting a chance to cope, at least. What the hell was going on? “Tell me what ’s feeling down,” Dr. Nicole asked. “Everything?” I asked. Like, did she know where she could handle that? “Sure. Everything.” Okay. She asked for it. “I still know,” she said on my faces. I submitted a portrait to this competition that I have won—handily—that’s guaranteed to come in dead last. I’m being menaced by my evil stepsister. My mom wants to go back to my favorite coffee shop. My husband eloped to Canada and her husband left me dateless for what’s sure to be the humiliating event of my life. My mom wants to build a relationship , and she’s just an off chance of going back to the show . They’re filled with vociferous objections. My daughter is a thousand years old. I’m holding up my fantasy