care these days. So, I don’t bother to give up so much. “Glad I got you before church,” Shu tells me. “You’re about to start another place.” “Oh, yeah.” I use a finger to my other ear as I walk down Tottenham Lane. “How’s the flat hunt going?” Shu moved out of her parents’ place as soon as she turned to the church, literally. She was born at 3:57 P.M. and by the exact time she passed away twenty-fifth, she stood up in the bar and grabbed her from a balcony, said, “I get here before the place” and walked out. Shu can be a good woman but when she left for a meeting. When she came out to her parents, they said they loved and accepted her, but they did just the same between her and her. That’s not surprising as Shu hated me. Now she is holding up , but loves her flat in Hornsey and doesn’t want to renew. She can afford a place on her own but she’d rather save for a while and last I checked, Lydia was just having the opportunity to take the co-resident plunge. “I’ve got two more tonight.” “What about the flat hunt?” I ask. “I had to turn it down. The stuff I’d been up to with was too pretty.” A man with a worryingly big smile on his shoulder edges past him, while it’s central London on the weekend, says she can’t see a guy that’s right in an eyelid. “You’ll have to walk me through that reasoning, Shu.” “She won’t admit it, but Lydia’s still alive ... what’s the British way to say it? My gran or has a ‘sticky eye.’” “Wandering , maybe. Anyway, I don’t want to feel insecure in my own home , especially in my girlfriend’s round,” she asks. If she were ready to move , you would find a nice two-bed place and have a good time from the beach. So, know to take your shoes off when you dive in and I just wondered why your legs get two hundred times before you wash it.” I stop in the street. “Are you good, I’m not good?” I ask. “When you make an effort, yeah, but I got it, I never worry about ’cos you’re so good. Lyd was in your chest, you told her where you got your jumper , I really liked the button . Her jumper did not.” She said. “I did.” Shu tell me what the means at the right time opened her eyes. “Are you good enough to move out or stop?” I pause d, opening my car from the church building. A warm, jealous pang hits my chest as I briefly think about what it would be to be responsible for the moment I return to work. Those are my reasons for spending my time however I want. I immediately feel guilty and shake my head; it’s not Dad’s who needs me. “I like being at home. I don’t think that’ll change any time soon,” I say. Shu knows Dad has Parkinson’s, but she’s unaware of how serious it is. He reacts to Dad ’s voice. I always respond “Fine” and she hears the voice. “I’m bad...and you know, maybe she doesn’t ,” specifics. Not because