help Bezi get her headset shut, you can leave the channel open—that way you won’t have to toggle it on and off,” I say. “All of us should get to the control center and see if the cameras are still working. The lock on that outside door is the real deal, so you can lock yourself up and be pretty safe.” I say, Kyle says. “If the cameras are still working, we can just avoid this lock until help gets here.” “Should we all go to the control center?” Bezi says. “We need to lock ourselves down!” I know that’s what we should go to. But I guess that’s what they thought, I say. Paige might still be out there, but if we can work on these people, we can find out if they know where to hide. “I thought we were gonna hide,” Bezi says. “But gotta listen to them?” “I’m not saying we go hunt them down. I’m saying , we keep our ears open in case they let something slip , or fall into our mouths, or try to hide,” I say. “Just be close to Jordan.” Bezi ’s fear is blurring on her face, pulling the corners of the microphone and pointing her voice down. I close my hand over hers. Suddenly, there’s a glowing wall and the porch light at the lodge goes out. My phone buzzes, signaling to us that lights are not charging anymore. The always-present electrical hum stops, and bezi swallows the lodge . “I know that our system is going to be safe,” Kyle whispers. Kyle ticks up. “The generator will keep the control center running for a few more hours. We gotta get over that,” Kyle sighs and runs out of his back pocket—the ghostlike mask he uses in his headset. “Put it on,” I say. He slips the headset over his head. “That’s terrifying,” Bezi whispers. “When you get to the control center, listen to me , we’ll open the headset so we know you’re safe,” I say. Kyle nods, takes a deep breath, and exits the control center at the rear door. I lock it behind him, then Bezi and I get a hatch in the kitchen floor. I slip my flashlight out of the kitchen and shine up over the tunnel. I’ll take a peek down there too.” I look, alight and sigh. “If those lights are bright you could see this back in front of it. This means power to the main breaker is out. Everything in the entire camp is off power. They’re not rust powered.” “Shit,” Bezi says. “So what do we do?” I cup away over my earpiece as I pick up a bunch of bear spray and go into my pocket. “Kyle? You okay?” There’s a way to the channel. The static s are still in the dark, and I feel a little more confident on his mind that can haunt Kyle, but , just in a moment, Kyle’s voice is sounded through. “Yeah. I’m pretty . . at the pier. I thought . . . saw something by . . . lake.” “What? What did you see?” “I don’t know,” he says, his voice blurry . . . “What if? His white . ... feathers.” My hands are slick and loud as I try to keep my voice level. “Keep going. Do not stop. Tell me when