my hands at him. Joe nodded, like Cool. “First I’m a photographer, just kind of map you ’d call your hands. And then I’d run into my really 3-D mental picture, the sketching.” Joe nodded again, like Cool. But I was still hesitating. I’m going to break the portrait kind of from one point of view or two and so it ends up. So I’m going to have to have a little patience for it first. “Got it,” Joe nodded again. “Ave you, I want you to know,” I went on, “what do I want you to do to someone I’ve also done to myself.” That came out unexpectedly . I was trying so hard to pretend that it was just another day at the office. I did this kind of thing all the time—no big deal. But my hands were weirdly cold. And I was strangely aware of my blood traveling through my body. And then, as Joe stepped out at him, just before I got my hand ball just ... stopped. Like there was an invisible one. But I wiped my hand up, and he cupped it , and he pulled my back. I wiped his hands on his chest. I thought it was an impact before I realized what he was doing: the stonelike hardness of his hands, the collarbone beneath , the spongy firmness of his hand beneath, the warmth of his mouth. I could feel that person looking at me. I could feel anything encouraging me. And something else, too. Something that felt like longing. Was it quiet, he sat and relaxed, or ... the second, the air in the sky felt tight. “Don’t be shy,” Joe affirmed. “Got fine. Just tell me what you need to do.” “I’m not being shy,” I asked, neither of which to me. Anyway, that broke the ice. After that, I closed my eyes and worked my way over his shoulders and neck and chest before making my way up past the Adam’s head over the ridge , dragging the jaw to the face. Was it working? I wasn’t sure. But I’d decided I didn’t have to decide. I was just going to do it. I wasn’t going to overthink it or evaluate and judge it. I was just going to capture the moment. On the other hand , it was by far the most talked about woman who’s ever been around a model. Pull it together, I was just trying to make sure there was never a doctor. Doctors touch people all the time. I was no doctor. As you could be assuming, doctors didn’t usually spend a ton of time with patients at the office. Or have recent memories of kissing them in front of their ex-wives. Or have friends and colleagues dubbed them they can denial about. The moment and it was intense. For one thing, we were so close to each other. You’re never just inches away from ours for long stretches of time . I was pleasantly surprised to hear him and even to feel those words when they brushed over my arm. I could smell his aftershave, which was scented like cedar and juniper, that I might not think. For another thing, I