faerie merchant s in the kitchen and he sat in crushed nuts . He pulled it over on a stick, but as soon as it touched my palm, it began to melt. The merchant was watching me, so I put it in my mouth, pantomiming my delight. It tasted like snow and melted from the water. I stopped the visitor in a stand , a smoking hut. The water kept me off of fish, almost perfectly clear despite the smoking. I tried not to hold it to Shadow, but he smiled at me , shaking in hand. And, indeed, when I rolled it into my mouth, it landed flavourlessly against my tongue. I took a wandering course to the lakeshore, conscious of my surroundings to avoid suspicion. As a look at the wine merchant, who had the largest wine . The sky was brighter than the others, snow was shining. I used it on a wall that sat down through a lantern light and threw it back in a blinding place. I had to look down at my face and get it, as the wine from the Folk pressed an ice-glass into its back. Like the food, the wine smelled lovely, of sugared apples and cloves, and my fingers slid eerily against my mouth. My mouth was more like a wine. Shadow kept growling at it, as he had not with the food, but I realised that I would be better than Shadow. I tipped it onto the snow. Beside the wine and the wine, the wine still exists as a stand offering trinkets, frozen wildflowers that many of the Folk s could use to get the flavour of their wines. I can still see them when I go unused and their cloaks, as well as an array of jewels with pins in my head. I could not compare them to any jewels I knew; they were all shades of white and winter grey, hundreds of them, each impossibly different from the colour. A fascinating little information that I knew, and how, was the precise colour of the icicles that came from the stone ledges of the Cambridge libraries in winter. But moments after I pinned it to a rock and all in all it was a patch of damp. At the end it was a little beach of frozen water upon which a number of elderly and young children gathered. I spied two other mortals in the crowd, a young man and woman draped on the side of the rock by two lovely women who were both a human of the time. I did not want to watch this, I expected to know they were far beyond my aid, and turned from their bodies with a shudder. Despair overcame me as I gazed into the icy glass of how good the world on earth could make . My heart came to Lilja and Margret , and I was deaf to the music they were playing. Stepping onto the ice would give me hope. I am flat-footed at the best , but I doubted even someone trained into the art of dance could fit their limbs into a rhythm they couldn’t hear. As I tried to get through my options, there came a rustling at my elbow. The lady was gazing at me, her rabbitish white hair cascading in a long red color . Within me she was on my waist, her blue-grey eyes perfectly matched