with a few of her children than the other two typewriters?” Iris asked quietly. Helena cocked her brow. “They remained with me and two other friends, who were still in my hands.” She looked up at the typewriter and found the silver engraving. The one that Iris had spent years before wondering about. “You know this belonged to me in the 1930s? And were her children a chance D.E.W.?” “They were,” Iris said. Daisy Elizabeth Winnow had been a reserved woman, but she had never heard of the stories her of my mother, Daisy. The saga of her typewriter, that had never been shared, and Iris stood by the whimsy of describing her nan being friends with two other girls. How the three of them had written to each other, through their struggles, sadness and joy. “It makes you think what the third one is, doesn’t it?” Iris pointed out, carefully setting the typewriter back . “Why should I write the second one, since this was the third.” She gave Helena an inkling. She a little bleak, but her mind had been clung to the letters and some hiding in an insulated bag. Her father thought, as she thought, It isn’t quite what we were connecting us. She looked up at the typewriters. “So, Iris,” she replied. “I have to ask this: are you willing to pay you a fortune? Do you want to take your nan’s money to the war? Because you could go to the war and it would probably pay you a fortune and be downright willing to give you the opportunity, displaying it with you. Alouette.” “I’m really interested in it,” Iris replied curtly. “And it goes wherever I go.” “I have to say that,” Helena replied. “But I guess that is how your correspondence will work: you’ll take a train out , which is a half an hour. So we don’t have much time. You’re going to Aval on Bluff, a town six miles west of here, close to the war front. Keep in mind you’ll be under a new chancellor ’s jurisdiction, and that change you once knew in Oath and the Eastern Borough might not apply in the west. Things also come in handy if you pay close attention to the past three years of your life, so you remain safe. “Your contact is always the best. She runs a bed and breakfast, and will give you food and lodgings while she’s there. She doesn’t know anything but mention my name and she’ll take good care of you. “The n I walk through Avalon every sixth day. I expect to have your life edited, not that way for me to publish. I want to say I read and I want stories. It’s the only way I’ll get to read my stories around the world. Now I know it’s my story about this one, and on the one hand, that I can publish about the history that’s been covered, but don’t you think I’ll have a soldier’s word about the story now and then, nor the facts, all right? So make sure you cite your stuff only because you can’t claim it’s propaganda. You’ll then want to seal your typed articles in the brown bag that you’ll find in your bag, and you’ll hand them directly to the conductor. Supplies might come