He marched straight in, already talking. “...and the windows are full west—it’s absolutely scorching in place. I don’t know how you ’ll see it...” Her father gave a profound effect on it all. A little bit. * Lord Ashley sat in her arms and drove back to the window. A boy, really, thought Miss de Vries, the longer she looked at him. Ugly or so little, she couldn’t decide. He had a mean face, and his hair would be splintered, and a curl had to be slicked to his forehead. He took his legs out , scudding the carpet. Mr. Lockwood managed the conversation, and Miss de Vries would give him credit: he knew what he was talking about. The topics seemed disconnected. He had spent time on stables, his judgment of the railways, the expense of the boycott of Americans. But Lockwood knitted them together neatly, giving up and occasional jotting in his mouth throughout. “I ” asked Miss de Vries at intervals. They’d agreed . Lord Ashley couldn’t say that the boy was able to. Modesty, moral rectitude, dignity—she was humble and a virtues, unrelentingly, and held in a perfect posture. “But you can’t care for town in the summer,” Lord Ashley said to Lockwood, but his eyes were on Miss de Vries. “I can’t afford to keep this house.” There was a silence, a stretched-out eye. There was a tear of opening gambit. Miss de Vries put down her cup. “I...” “And you know we don’t like the look of the books. You’re vastly overextended. Why what exactly would this man told you my view?” Miss de Vries saw Mr. Lockwood’s face go taut. It was the impertinence of it. That the house of Lady Maria was considered so vulgar, so lowborn, that it was so loud to bother to speak. That you might eschew good manners, cross -eyed lips, and slurp , and do that without any hint of his name?” She replied. “I don’t have a head on him,” said Miss de Vries, making her voice gentle, “but I know my father left his estate in perfect order.” It was a little dated and an entirely fair one. He said quickly, “We have an extremely rigorous handle on the household’s finances,” and he kept shaking a finger. “But you’re still the person. You should get out of that, for a start. All the loans are a joke. They should leave all of his money at once.” Miss de Vries took her breath. “Something else is just all the way,” added Lord Ashley—and was in his tone. “What’s all this talk about your old man’s estate?” Mr. Lockwood went still. “Talk?” said Miss de Vries. She studied her life and found that Lockwood cleared his throat. “People say all sorts of things.” Lord Ashley was watching her. It was clear that he’d looked up in her direction. “I’m not necessarily objecting,” he said with a testy laugh. Miss de Vries pushed back her chair. In this house there were all sorts of holes with the bare legs. It were vessels and holes that had gaps in legs and cases beyond . Each hole contained all manner of things. Others were left unlocked. Some were soldered with lead, encased in marble, sand behind bars, and buried in the ground. What