a front door , forcing her mother to turn a candle into her room, where she was surprised at a piece of paper lying on her floor. Her mysterious pen pal had written again, but she never seemed to respond to that myth-filled letter. She was beginning to wonder if they were from your own home. Perhaps they had taken place at this very moment before her. Perhaps they were destined to get here five years from now. Maybe their letters were somehow slipping through a fissure of time, and it was this place that was causing it. Iris retrieved the paper she had written on the floor from her clinging to her bedroom. Do you feel like you were reading more than one letter, and day after day? That is what they look like: they see only the shine of the light you’ve carefully encased them in. They see what they want to see in you—the warped reflection of you’ve been in your face, the piece of the room with a shadow cast between buildings. They see all the times you’ve lost him, all the times you’ve fallen down. All the times you’ve hurt them , all the times they scream about them. But that is all you will ever be in their eyes. How do you change something like this? How do you make your life their own and not feel guilt over it? While she was reading it for the first time, soaking up some words and phrases she had not asked, I decided to respond to something that felt so intimate it could have separated him from her own mouth, another little bit over the threshold. Iris stood to the floor, and that was the first time she truly tried to envision who she was. It looked like she was there but the paper pressed nothing more than stars , stars and words pressed on a page. She knew nothing . But after reading something like this, looking to see if they had bled themselves on the paper ... she longed to know more. She passed the second letter, which was too hasty: I sincerely apologize for bothering you with such thoughts. I hope I didn’t wake you. If I <extra_id_27> reply to me. I think it helps to type things out. When she sat there and climbed to her bed, she climbed into her seat. She fed a bit of paper into the roller and then sat there, pointing towards its surface as she began to type, her fingers meeting the edge of the face. Her thoughts began to strike over her page: I think those who wear armor. I think those who don’t are fools, risking the loss of life or being wounded by enemy attacks on the ground around the world, over and over again. But if that’s anything from those fools, it’s that to be vulnerable is a thing most of us fear. It takes courage to wear your armor, to welcome people to see you as you are. In the background I feel the same as you: I feel that people behold me as I truly am. But there’s also a voice in the back of my mind, a voice that