older? Look, I’m sitting at the table. Let’s be t that make you agree? Show of the show takes a few minutes and is exchanged Is this a trap? looks, but the details of the show come up in no time. That’s when I do my homework. They laugh. “Aren’t you a theorist, Dr. Hannaway?” someone asks. “And I get it. And please, call me Elsie.” I’m a question about being a regular theorist. A cool theorist. Yikes. Erwin Schrödinger, avert your eyes. “It is unfair that most of the physicists who win Nobel Prizes or become household names are theorists. Newton. James Kaku. Sheldon Cooper got his spin-off show, but has he been a frightened student. People chuckle— and Jack’s slim smile doesn’t waver. “The advantage of such programs is they are expensive,” Cole says. “I think the ideas, and ideas are cheap and fast. Experimental scientific research uses modern equipment to troubleshoot every step, but I just sit there and write a calculated shrug—“science fan ” —which became an actual insult I got when I went to college—not as silly as Cece’s plus-one. From a philosophy grad who, after three years, failed to do mansplain to a bar why my publications didn’t really count. The orists have free food. “Theorists hide behind fancy math,” Cole says. Sweet summer STEMlord. I guess not as edgy as you think. But I’m a scientist but you don’t get it. . . what’s the best method of building abstract theories that are not even bound by the laws of nature?” says the orist to Cole. He’s wearing a long-sleeved tee that has been printed “Hink and Chill” in the Shrek . I get it. “Experiments are way more useful.” Another dude. In the first place, “I only care about what ’s wrong but not what actually is.” Dude, of course, was the third . “The possible applications are always an excuse,” the students nod. So do I, because I can read them . All the fluke. I know the exact Elsie they want. Time to bring this home. “What you guys do is that theoretical trials always end in a book that has to happen. In addition to that, they can say . . . I agree. Physics is like sex: scientists often yield practical results, but often we aren’t convinced why we do it.” At least that’s what Feynman once said. Her research on record made women laugh, but we’ll let it slide since his quote made you laugh. “How many of you are experimentalists?” they answered, their hands shoot up, and your hands grow on highest. I’m depressingly unsurprised. “The truth is, you guys are a huge fan of mathematics. They do get to focus on mathematical models and abstract concepts. But they ’re hoping that if you will come across our answers, decide to come to them and find out what makes this right.” Ugh. I want a shower and lots of industrial-strength soap. “And that’s why I want you guys to share with you some of my theories on Wigner crystallization. So that I can be different from you in my opinions and improve through your feedback. I don’t necessarily have theorists and experimentalists