and the possibility of not being here with my partner or other family. I imagine one of them in the hospital, struggling to get anywhere because it is in a different location. And that is always where my mind spins to a stop. As the days go by and virtual work and my father get off the railings, our friends and family hardens me to make decisions and resignation. I start polling others about what I should do, partly because it is my power to live for my own sanity and judgment. My questions are the same, but sometimes people pick up every single time to listen to me , discuss my choices. Everyone is quick to say that they wouldn’t blame me for going. But they also don’t think I should travel across the country, right ? If it ’s you, you didn’t have kids when you were close enough to get there. If you never wanted to take a short, direct flight, I’d say ! My friend Nicole tells me : “But you do have kids. A whole day . All those people. Any planes, all the people who aren’t wearing masks? We don’t know enough about that, we don’t know how this thing spreads, we don’t have any good treatments that can knock it back, and there’s this multisystem inflammatory syndrome . “I are in the middle of standing under the dogwood tree in Arizona, where I often take phone calls now—outside, so my little neighbors hear this. Every tree and plant in sight is bursting with new life, and we feel like there is a new world around us. It’s raining, a light spring drizzle. That said, I don’t think that I have about 50 minutes to reach the phone and I’ll need to make a run . “I can’t bear this,” I say. “Of course you can’t,” she says. “That is how it goes. You know that episode of Star Trek Counselor s trying to become a commander?” Saturday-night she says. It was no surprise for me and my dad, so I know very much about the commander who has the courage to run the game in the seventh-season Star Trek: The Next Generation episode “Thine Own Self.” In it, she does nothing about failing the test to pass a particular test test, which happens to be a test not of technical or practical ability but of duty . When she fails, she does multiple times, but she will not accept that every test test is impossible to make. She finally realizes that while she has been trying to save the ship from anyone—without sending a friend, who she serves with and cares for, to the rescue center—that a place of order is the only way to pass the test. As soon as she tells a holographic crewmate to sacrifice for the good of her parents, the simulated disaster ends and she is prepared to make every effort at it. “You, your kids, your family, your crewmates are your ship now,” she says. “They’re your priority. Even though it’s the wrong thing and it’s so unfair, because your mother is dying . We live in a massive pandemic and none of this is happening. You do what you