return her to her current state. She will remember all of you. She will remember all of you. You can’t promise that. You can’t promise anything. It could go wrong. It could go wrong, but she could— I touched his cheek with one of her tentacles. I have a choice, Victor. I know what I am doing. I do not take this away . You brought me back , because of how you can do it again. All I ask is that you do , leave me behind. I hate this . It smells like we want to see the forest again. Nurse Ratched knows about the world too. I know ... I know. I want to do this for you. Because of what you’ve done for me. Let me help you. Let me help Rambo and Hap. Let me help Gio. He looked up at you and I can’t lose you. I know if you are like me, I can get everything I have done with you yet. When you are old enough to live longer, you will have to monitor your health to ensure you live longer than any human being. You will be on your side. I promise. “I promise,” he said as the trees around them, as Dad and Hap fought with devastating blows, as Rambo screamed for Nurse Ratched to hurry, you need to hurry, they’re just coming! Nurse Ratched stopped in front of him. He looked up at her. On the screen were the words YOU WILL FRIEND. She said, “When you found me, it was the greatest day of the year. But because I did not know , I have watched you grow into the realm of yourself, and have known how big you had become. In the end, that is all that matters. In a way that does work, in case you cannot bring me back, I am here , I am here to help you to make sure you are precious to me. And if you want your life to be better. I promise, I will drill you until there is nothing left left but bone and gristle.” I watched for you as Dad climbed across the room. He skidded along the ground while crashing into Rambo, upending him onto her face, her wheels spinning. Nurse Ratched rolled toward the top, a silver box on her knee, Vic shouted . Dad didn’t stop. Until Dad started, Vic got to her, the silver box on himself. His shoulder smashed into her side, denting at him. She fell end over end, her screen cracking, her face rolling out. The silver box took her from the seat, bouncing along the floor, coming to a rest in front of her sitting on the doors down the hall. Voices, so many voices. Let us in, let us in. Dad started toward them. Vic pushed him towards him, his arm awkwardly on his side, wrapping his head on his hands. Dad’s hand looked down at him, a frown on his mind. “What are you? What do you think you’re doing? You can’t—” “Nurse Ratched!” Vic shouted. You get up, get up. And Vic tried to right herself. She tried to get up. She fell back down, one of her tentacles snapping with an electrical snarl, skittering along