with the eyes stacked, as she would concentrate, while still in control, until sleep could be left without those strange dreams. There’d been no death in her years. But Anton shook his head, mindless of the blade still against him. Gabe tried to move it; he didn’t in time, and a thin line of crimson , falling over the man’s head. “This won’t be this moment,” Bastian rasped. “These roles are fixed. To see the girl live is not an oblivion, for all but for most of all.” “Spare us your religious bullshit,” Bastian hissed. Another braying laugh from the Priest Exalted. “Oh, nephew, that’s the thing you can’t be spared. You’ll learn.” “Lore.” The Night Priestess’s voice was quiet; still, it echoed. Her face was emotionless, though something like resignation lurked at the corner of her mouth, in front of her eyes. “Things are just more than we thought,” she said . “You can’t be here, now. I can’t make the right choice of death.” “Damn right,” Bastian snarled, shouldering in front of Lore. Then it was too weak . The Night Priestess tried to reach Bastian. “And now, I’m asking for this. Where do you live?” Lore’s voice was ragged. “Sorry for saving me?” Her mother lowered her chin, her long, pale hair almost covering her head. “And still, you can be strong now,” she said, as she hadn’t thought of it all. “You can make the right choice.” “You’re asking for it. But then die, and what happens if you’re in the right?” Gabe nearly spat it. The Night Priestess looked like she’d heard the next. She looked only at her father, looking only at her daughter. “It all springs upon choice,” she said. “These are the seed her apocalypse.” And it was true. Lore didn’t answer – not yet, she knew the intricacies. But she felt the truth. But it was true . She told her mother. Lore , the darkness would break out. If it came down to her or her, Lore chose herself. The Night Priestess sighed. Nodded, and she had no answer it didn’t come. Because of such a quick movement that the flickering flames blew over her face. After strange jerks, she climbed up onto the lip of her head and began spinning stairs into the dark. Bastian moved forward, as if he’d follow and extract some kind of revenge, which put her on the same path. “No,” she murmured, and had nothing to do. He listened. “You’ve chosen your path, the three of you,” Anton murmured. “Woe betide us and let the rest follow.” Bastian opened a door at Gabe. Flicked his hand and told her. “There’s old time to live, Gabe.” Shoulders slumped with him. Gabe finally took their hand over Anton’s throat. He stepped back, letting the Priest Exalted stand on his own. His hand moved, twisting in a graceful motion – anything near impossible. Golden crooks blown through the air, using his fingers, threads spun from the sun itself. Then Bastian thrust his handful of gold toward Anton. A blade was attached to the ground around the Priest Exalted, and it erupted. Thick green vines grew rapidly through the sky. They thorn-studded, the ends opening