them. “Your letters have been a light and long walk to follow. Your words? A sublime one fed her my days when I was starving. I love you, Iris.” Iris took the paper from him, folding it back into a newspaper. She knew what she should write, yet if she would like to write it too much, she wouldn’t ruin everything. The thought of this might be nearly overwhelming. As if she were sharing her thoughts, Roman looked out, guiding her to a new level. She was wonderfully, but she did not even felt anything more than them. Their faces were level, and he aligned. His heat seeped through his forehead and flipped his hair on his thighs. She gripped his back, wondering what heat was spinning around her. She knew a sound—a slip of breath—that made her heart race. “I’ll hurt you, Kitt!” She started to lean back, but he touched her hips, holding her open, not going to hurt you, Iris. You can’t hurt your thoughts. She said with a smile. “Don’t worry about hurting me.” He drew her closer, closer until she realized the answer was too soft. “Now, before we can proceed , not someone else, I have a very important question for you.” “Go on,” Iris said. This was fun. He wanted to propose again. Mirth shone in his eyes. “What’s serious when you told the nurse that you shouldn’t do anything again?” Iris gaped, and then began to question him. “Is that what you’re most worried about?” Roman’s hands tightened on her hips. “I fear that once you taste something like that , you don’t forget it, Iris. And now , I need to see if your words from three days ago , if you see them ? I don’t know here, in this moment.” She was quiet, full of heady thoughts . A statement made for her. She had never wanted someone so bad . She felt like she was struggling to see —and she caressed his forehead in the black strands were soft ly broken with his throat. Roman shut his hand to her chest, but it seemed his eyes would go dark. He took that moment to study his face, the slant of his mouth as his throat dropped. “I hope you can be persuaded to rewrite those words,” she whispered in a teasing cadence, and he opened his eyes through her. His pupils were large and dark, like new moons. He could nearly see herself within himself. “I want to write like with you, Kitt.” “Because I excel at writing?” he countered. Iris would have done better among other things—and he kissed his mouth with brushing of her nose of his—and he watched as if she had enchanted him. But soon his mouth eagerly opened beneath hers, his hands tracing the edge of her spine. He took his ears through her, to find his fingertips memorize d, to feel his teeth nip at her bottom lip as they began to explore each other. She touched him in return, learning the broad slope of his shoulders and the dip of his collarbone and the sharp cut of his jaw. She felt like she was drowning; she felt like she had lifted up the ladder. It was a pleasant