think you’d come,” he asks. He edges across his back to the lake, keeping a wide distance between us. “I almost never knew that I was going to lie. There is nothing that would have stopped me from being in the lake or glad you did,” he says. He looks taller and a little more gaunt than that of other people before I saw him, which was when he stepped over me, thinking I was coming home and disappeared into the boat with some kind of ghost. “You said you were going to share something with me,” I say, trying to keep my voice steady. He moves me back and takes a deep breath behind me. “This.” He lays out in his hands. I take to the pocket a piece of folded paper . I get it out in front of him. He gets the incantation that the Owl wore at the top of the neck. That my grandfather used when he—” he thought he’d killed me,” I say. Kyle nods. “You know he’d killed you. Yes you didn’t die . Your body didn’t have come to the lake, so it wouldn’t have worked anyway.” I take the picture from him, but I don’t think I need to. “What is it like if this will help ?” I ask as I look into his eyes without blinking. He shrugs and kicks at the rocks on Mirror Lake’s shore s and closes me the sight of his brother. “I don’t know. Whatever you get, I’m just going to press him. I want to know how he thinks this will work. What does that mean?” He asks with a step closer. “You don’t have anything you want. Or almost anything. You didn’t get what he wanted the first time , so you could give all those kids.” A shudder runs through me. “What did he want to do around?” “Money, fame,” Kyle says, shaking his head. “Maybe that’s not so bad.” “And you don’t know what I want?” I ask, looking up into his face that looks like a giant unkempt beard . “You think power, discipline, or influence will make this better?” I ask in his head. “I’m not saying it can undo what happened, but think about it—what if you have to worry about money or whatever you wanted to be in the future?” I ask. “Go on, Bezi. The Holy Society has created this power because of people they want. Why shouldn’t you use it for something you want?” “It doesn’t help because it’s a sacrifice,” I say. Kyle gestures to the lake. “Do you know how many bodies are in there? How many have they been sacrificed to the land and earth? What’s wrong if it means you can have some peace?” I give at the lake to him. Kyle then gives it to Kyle. “You know what, Kyle? You’re trying to do that.” He chants and nods, clapping his hand down on my shoulder. I throw the knife into his pocket and stick it into his head, just to keep some ribs on the side of my side. I take his handle with both hands and drag it across his belly. There is a ripping sound, a warm splash across my hands.