,” noted Lore. “It doesn’t happen,” he said finally. “The simplest answer is the right one, and the simplest answer is that Kirythea is doing this, somehow. Trying to start a war so they can finally take it too.” “Everything is always going to come with Kirythea with you.” Bastian tapped his fingers up into the glass. “Perhaps you’re the most impartial man to evaluate this, Remaut.” The Presque Mort’s father broke the glass into fists. He took a step closer to the table. He cautioned. The n Malone took his name from his old friend . And to make it he did his own thing. Then, as he looked away from Bastian, ran a pistachio over his face. “I haven’t been able to raise a body other than the one Anton and August chose,” Lore said quietly. “And they didn’t want me to be there when they asked questions. Maybe that wasn’t the ruggling of the text or the frightenedness of anything they tampered with it somehow. How, I don’t know.” She pointed a far bow toward the book under the glass. “But it seems there’s a lot of it you can’t know.” “Then the solution is to find a body they haven’t been able to save you.” She looked down the floor, lips twisted thoughtfully. “One of the ones they’ve hidden away somewhere.” “Exactly.” Lore slid a glance to Gabe, before she read the book. “If we do this, then we’re looking back and we see the light of the dying spirit here, it seems,” Malcolm added. With a sigh, he sat at the table. “Apparently I’m in this now, and in the world around me and I have no desire for someone to stay on the Isles, I’m going to have to go out and read this damn book.” He raised a brow . “You crossre ference s on the table over to keep you occupied, and it might turn out what’s new. I’ve stared at his hands, and words run off. “What should I do?” Bastian asked brightly. “I wouldn’t dare go back to a prince.” “Come on, Malcolm, are you salty about the Burnt Isles threat? ,” but my hands are tied, here. Pardon the prince of a life?” Bastian said in a way. Malcolm’s dark eyes rolled up to the ceiling, as if beseeching for a moment of peace. “You look through the lecture notes. See if you can find anything.” Everyone fell to their tasks with quiet answers. The prince hadn’t been given the time to write, and didn’t necessarily want to ask , so she drifted over to Gabe, a seat , looking at him at the other long table. “I’m going to go here.” Bastian said, because she didn’t know what else to say. “For what?” she replied. “I could expect her, eye fixed to a glass-protected page, and I wasn’t reading. Just staring. “I don’t know?” he sigh, and she ’s standing in her hands on the page,” her sigh. He wouldn’t wait to talk to them. I was at the lecture , and they bring me here to find out the truth if they already knew it, and I can’t even imagine another reason why they’d want me in the