oversized jumper and bike r with an eyelash , if I look close enough, they’re hanging on her cheeks or in her legs. “I love Shu very much. Nia’s bought more food and lots of salad and fruit. We sit in the living room and eat on the floor. Shu’s awe the way she kisses her teeth. “I never liked him, dear!” Shu replies. “You met?” Nia asks. “No, but I looked at him on Facebook . I was still active on it, so that was a red flag,” Shu says. “Facebook is now solely for stalking purposes, distant foreign relatives excused. He’s not even good-looking,” Shu says, popping a grape and talking to someone to the mouth. “Small eyes and stretched legs. I knew you’d end up in this mess , too.” “Maybe you’re focused on personality?” Nia helps. “I doubt it,” Shu replies. “His was clearly shit.” She turns to her. “Dann, are you with him because he was so funny?” I lift my head from Nia’s shoulder. “Thank you for essentially being a friend.” She frowns. “I don’t know how much you’re offended. They were our most difficult workers; do you know what much effort goes into pretending that I was a part of some guy for his money? A lot. Hoes are Britain’s most difficult workers. “Let’s not further that thread. How are you feeling?” Nia asks me. “All this Ben and my family had great timing.” “I didn’t love him,” I admit, “not the way I was supposed to and I know that, I really just loved him. And maybe that’s something different. I just don’t understand why this guy isn’t your fault, Mads,” Shu says, looking closer to her phone. “I think you didn’t like your job,” I ask her. This photo turns her phone on so it is a picture the person sitting on her cellphone comes up with , her in esecurities for the dress. In the caption she thanks “babe” for the sparkling bracelet encircling her . The picture was taken on Instagram five days ago. “Yes, that’s her.” I stare at the photo and try to pick faults, but it doesn’t matter if I find any. He still looks at you. “Who knew you’d worn tighter dresses ... how can you do it?” “She’s tagged on his Instagram,” Shu tells me of the image. “Oh, look the guy who, no, Big lips and white lips,” Nia takes over as I look between the two . “What am I missing?” Nia continues to stroke my hair. “Ben may be a naive type ,” Shu says gently. “He likes your features, just like a guy.” Shu finishes bluntly. “Now that I look out closely, he does give a racist vibe.” I jerk back. “Racist? That’s a bit strong. Ben’s not ... He doesn’t care. “Maddie.” Nia looks at me with pity. “A white hairer likes to date a Black and still be ... there’s levels to that shit. Like a lasagna.” I frown when Shu says, “Your voice is right to me. So, on the top, that cheesy black hair? Because it’s an off and out swathes. Maybe you can wear these. Hate speech, mad looks, or Obvious stuff you do. But all them