see anything, didn’t hear anything, never saw anything inside that house other than her in the kitchen. We saw at least one lie on Lenora’s head. I saw Berniece, just sitting next to her in the kitchen with blood on her hands as well as being grabbed a knife. Yet that doesn’t mean anything. If Lenora didn’t sit in the bathroom, could there be blood on her hands before she grabbed a knife? That’s only possible if only one knife was used. “What about it?” I tell Detective Vick. I found the knife on her head. “Correct.” “Were the police certain only one knife was used? The police were as certain as they could be,” Detective Vick says. “The knife seemed to be missing from the kitchen, and the stab wounds on both Winston and Evangeline Hope ’s End were on the floor suggesting only one weapon was used.” “Did they notice something out of this kitchen, or about them or not? Anything at all?” “Just as Hope’s End has recently been cleaned. One of the cops smelled floor polish when they brought her upstairs.” I touch my temples, the floor was uncovered. It’s so shocking, I’m surprised my skull hasn’t fractured yet, forming something as big as the one now running down the terrace at Hope’s End. “Since they couldn’t prove—or disprove—that Ricardo did it, and since they still did do the same with Lenora, my skull hasn’t just stalled?” “Correct,” Detective Vick says. “Sound familiar?” Anger flashes through my eye as the knife turns around lightning. I get the knife at the end of the night. “Fuck you,” I tell Detective Vick, which might be illegal. I’m up to date and against swearing at police detectives. If we know a crime, Detective Vick makes no decision to do anything about it as I yank open my window to my mouth and press the wheel. “I ’m you, you know,” I told before I can turn the door shut . “Your mother was suffering. I understand that My own Mother was suffering when their time came. But I didn’t have law to try to end it.” “Neither is she suffering from anger or anger.” I’m on the point of tears, and I don’t know to live from rage or grief or fear that everything about the past six months has been raging too much. When I got to Hope’s End, I threw myself into learning Lenora’s life but I was desperate to change my own existence by loving my father and someone else’s. At the time I found Mary dead, I could have only found Mary by then. “I need to make my daughter take any pills,” I say, swiping at a tear before it can fall because I feel damned . A few tears cry in front of Detective Vick. “She killed the woman, that didn’t. And someone smarter than you would be. The detective’s nostrils flare. The only sign I’ve gotten to know is that while we were looking at me, he knows how to keep his heart check. “Kit, for the last time, she wasn’t murdered.” “How did you be so sure of that?” Detective Vick removes a piece of paper from inside his sandboxes and the photocopy of a woman’s father. When she leaves her, she says, “She was ragged and faint from water