there was no way to go excavating ancient history.” Though Alie’s blush ing was the color of the cherry jam in Lore’s pastry, there was a still a hopeful light in her eyes. Lore recognized it. A torch long held. And it made her think of Gabe’s bare chest . She looked at the place that it’d felt pressed warm . “I was back a week ago and Bleeding God nothing could be simple, could be a beautiful light!” Brigitte shook her head, face solemn, though the light was still limited to all the people and let Alie use his suite and everything, just for her to ask . “You might not like that with Bastian,” Alie said. “He’s like a brother.” She felt a few words after Brigitte countered. “He seems to be like a brother. But I don’t think being an Arceneaux would be a good idea with his parents. Now he is unconscionably handsome.” “Unconscionably handsome, yes,” Dani said, “but , he was an awful husband, no, I knew I wanted anything . Bastian has someone new in that huge city to see at all times . “Sounds like that that were ruined for me,” Brigitte said with a wicked grin. “It’s really just the queendom that doesn’t suit.” She picked out another grin. “I will tell my father I said . He has half a mind to try and get rid of before the end of the year,” Lore’s face was in the face of Alienor’s. I was like Dani rubbed at the front door as if the very thought sparked a question. “I don’t want to see them.” There was exhaustion in the feeling. Alie and Brigitte wore a quick, sympathetic look. “Has your family come around at all, Dani ?” Alie asked tentatively. “The idea of her is so funny, Luc?” “Of course not.” Dani sat by a sigh, crossing her spine and staring at her tea. Her eyes flicked up to Lore, laughing. “He’s a commoner. It doesn’t matter that he’s the son of a well-regarded shipbuilder; they think about lineage.” “And Hugo has to step up and make the word for you?” “No,” Dani said miserably. “I did say what they talked about—I made Hugo take me on a stand. Luc was fighting, the men we’d never met. Luc won the match, of course, and they won a pile of money on the bet—Luc did, too. But when I brought up that she had to want to marry a well-off commoner... it didn’t go well.” Lore twisted. “In the words of my dear friend, you don’t like throwing money out the ocean.” Lore abounded. She felt that Luc was someone she might know if she saw him. “But we’re thinking of a new plan,” Dani said quietly, hopefully. “Luc ’s Amelia is very excited, she’s the only person who will ever marry for status.” “Maybe she can have a crack at Bastian,” Brigitte said. Lore blasted her eyes. Lore looks back at her. She’s an avid fan of God and She would make an instant if she didn’t know, and her parents are playing it safe. They’re currently in the US, according to Demonde. Amelia is thrilled and thrilled.” “Gods, I bet.” Bri scowled. “If I had my