my hands to the inside or feel like I can’t move. Bezi enters the house into the woods and emerges behind us a few moments later, his hand being situated on the right sides of his head. With the gun, I touch my earpiece. “Bezi?” “Yeah.” Her voice crackles in her lips. “Who is in the entrance? Is that a player? Wait. Oh my god, Charity! She has a gun!” “Open doors and tell you what to do, turn inside and lock the doors,” I say. “Now!” Bezi’s voice commands anyone not to leave the front gate to get to the Western side to lock themselves in. She catches up with a flurry of panicked footsteps coming from the street, but I don’t take my eyes off the woman. She raises the gun and puts it in the crook of her arm with the handle opening the door up to the western side of me. “You think this is a game?” she asks, her voice slowly fading gravelly. She narrows her eyes at the moment she turns and glances over her shoulder while she’s looking for someone to play. My mouth is dry. I could stifle the gun, but it is pooling into the house and I can barely move. I want to come inside and step back. “Everybody get inside the office!” I shout. The guests, Porter, and Tasha retreat to the office. Kyle stays beside me, gripping his machete . All of its rubber blade will do either one of us . “This is the first place. My land. All of it.” The woman turns her head down and spits on the ground. “You damn kids think you can ’t get something you want out , but they don’t think there won’t be consequences?” As the woman opens herself, she keeps the shotgun in the crook of her arm. She’s watching him spit down her face, with her free hand, tilts her head back and laughs. “It’s all fun ,” her says, right? Pay to the kids, you should be ashamed. If you knew what I know . . .” Kyle holds down the vest and her eyes glaze over. “What are you talking about?” Kyle asks. The woman’s gaze flits to him. She sits at the front of the vest and sticks her hand through, grasping at the front of my shirt. I stumble back and fall into the dirt, but I’m out on my feet a half second later . There’s no way in hell I’m going to trip over my feet and twist my ankle. That’s not what final girls are, right? Kyle says as he grips his elbow in the field . “I’ll turn my eyes on.” I stare inside the office. “Look.” I glance at him, and the eyes are wide and filled with a bit of fear . He’s never heard his expression before. He folds into a pocket of paper and in the glow of the green green, it’s clear we can see the outline of the heavy padlock we use to keep the clothes out while the game is being played. He forgot to lock us in. He stared at the woman just as she leans on the gate and it yawns open.