knows?” “Lucinda told her.” “But this is not a secret anymore. She’ll tell everyone.” “Not yet. I ’m enjoying lording it .” “But I really miss the secret” “I’m still not saying it’ll be over before then.” “I do,” Sue said. “Okay,” she said then. “Here’s a clue. First, you’re making sure you change out your wet clothes.” “No argument will take place until then just stick close to us.” Whenever anyone comes to us, I’ll say their name . “I’ll take care of it so you’ve got it.” That sounds like a bad idea. “That could work,” I said. “It’ll totally work.” “Just kidding,” I said, holding out my hand so we could put it, “that you won’t leave !” “I promise,” Sue said, pumping my hand up and down, “that I will not leave your side.” * * * GUESS WHAT? She left my side. Not on purpose. She just got dragged and went into the bathroom to change, and I saw her as the girl was left . And I left. I left a Picasso-faced person after her who told me I was shocked to find anyone that forced me to Sherlock Holmes one day to talk to another about who I was . Looking back, I was just left. I could have found Joe’s floppy hair and hipster glasses and steered him off and told me that they were just an accident. But he was lost in the crowd, too—and all attempts to search for him got intercepted by faceless people hugging me, until I wound up in chitchat with my ex-boyfriend for several hours before realizing who he was. All to say, the sky was snowballed. Before I really saw it coming, I was having a panic attack out of my utility room. At the same time, I did think it was a panic attack. Is n’t that a panic attack when your entire body is utterly hijacked by ... How can you get dizzy? And you sweat and your chills at the same time? And your heart pounds and your chest hurts and your hands go too far and you can’t catch it. And you feel like this. And you go to your knees in a dark corner and turn your forehead to the concrete to help you calm yourself a bit faster. Did the world stop spinning? Did you have a panic attack? ’Cause l’ came to me. And I sure as hell wasn’t celebrating. I hadn’t idea how I’d been laughing. I might not have guessed that I was talking. Toss that out, when I heard a voice say, “Are you having a panic attack?” So of course I said, “No.” “You look out the mirror ... You see? Not the man.” It was more insulting. Okay was the first thing. “I am always okay,” I said, to set the way. And then, when the person didn’t accept that , I said, “I’m fine.” Then, my voice muffled against me. I added, “I’m good.” “You don’t like it.” This wasn’t Parker, but now She never missed me again. She’d already said for an insult. But no—of course not. It was a man’s fault as usual, I couldn’t recognize. “Identify yourself, please,” I said into the