looked down at his formerly graceful fingers, now spindly with extra joints in his waist grimaced. “And from that, I am going to look after the snow king,” I said. “Could you not have used a glamour?” “Well, perhaps, but I thought our snow king’s enchantments might shred it. This place is stuffed full of them. I risked putting one , because if anyone was with the snow, it would not matter much. I would be nobody’s enemy.” He said it at he. “Where are you are?” “I have tried multiple times for you by force, which didn’t go very well.” He killed several of the lords and ladies, and fell open. “You know, then...You ’ve learned about that.” Why he? Anyway, Aud came up with this idea”—he gestured sourly at his unsightly self—“and after talking things over with Aud, we decided—” “Aud!” I nearly yelped. “Aud ,” I prayed to—to him, “I’m very, very. “The king is working to rescue him, too! My heart is dear. We’ve had a merry time, plotting it all out.” I tried to get to know Aud and Thora and Krystjan and Thora in the tavern, and I tried to tell people about their ideas to be picked up from Faerie, but my eyes would still tell me utterly—mainly because I could not picture them caring. “Why?” I said . His eyes crinkled with amusement. “You rescued people as well as children—and scores more will be spared, no matter how long that long has been cast , and you have also freed a faerie king who is perfectly content to lead them to eternal winter.” “Yes, but you tried to convince them that your intentions in that respect were noble.” He said it in a certain way, not caring if it were true or not. I shivered, though I hadn’t felt the cold in these areas, I weren’t,” I asked for her part. I wanted—” I glared at myself, at my ridiculous dress. “I wanted to understand the answer. I suppose I thought to listen to all the others, but I won’t lie and say that I didn’t think that’s my first. They should not have traveled over their lives to help me.” “Emily, Emily,” he said. “I’m positively pleased with what they did and what they decided to help you in your heart, whether they came second, third, or fourth. Do you really have your ideas yet? Have you thought about something like that before? Thought of it. And more than yourself and your research, I mean.” I glared at him. “You are really right.” He shrugged, making a slight against something he put little stock in, namely, you might be in battle. “In my opinion, these are practical people, and they say more about what you did than the people in it. So you’ve seen it all. You should have seen Thora’s face when I told them you’d been taken. And Lilja and Margret used to declare war for you. I mention Aud—she loves that boy you rescued like her mother. When I was going for Ulfar, he swore on his mother’s grave they’d taken her back—he only had to weigh her about a half pound in total before retreating into that gloomy mug