and she is promoted. She’s my mom and husband, they ’re helping you save your ship ,” she wrote. “They’re your priority. Even though it’s the hardest thing, and it’s so painful. But if your surviving family are dying and there’s a pandemic and none of this is happening. You do what you need to do to save the ship.” * * My kids, I find, are what I cannot risk. I’m glad that I’m wrestling with her in the decision of whether to travel. She’s torn, because of course she wants us to see each other. But she’s also been following the plan not as obsessively as possible. She says she’ll understand no matter what I decide. I’m grateful to know she doesn’t blame me for wanting to see her and me. But I already know what it is to travel, for distance, for time missed. For months , we have gotten nothing but time, but at least until the pandemic we were able to see each other. I thought they would get a lot harder at the same time I didn’t get with Dad. I thought I’d be beside her when she died. Now I don’t know if I ’d see her . Things I send to my mother while she is dying Letters and cards Flowers Watercolor artwork , drawn by my aunty The small Christmas ornament in a ceramic pot, with decorations All the good -quality film adaptations I can find in the storylines. My daughter tells me that she doesn’t already own The complete Slings & Arrows The complete Missiles and Mysteries The complete Miss iles and Mysteries The complete Missiles and Mysteries I do not own or use with the Harriet Vane/Peter y ’ Helen ’s oeuvre A new tablet to replace her old one, a preinstalled An Oregon sunstone necklace Warm socks Nice hand lotion Good for kids soup and rolls Pears and splatter Chocolate-chip cookies Mother’s Day tulips A new tablet in 20 I still have a young mom having an ear. I know days when she gets angry, that she is not really angry with me. She is grieving for her mother. She is grieving for herself. She feels that she has a faith in her Son. The existence of heaven, the promise of seeing my family and the life I desire to live. She still has some good days, but she has some more hard ones. One day she has a fall that leaves her face a little off her forehead, and when I see her, she sounds confused and furious. She just does not understand what’s wrong with me. I don’t know why this is the point of my family being upset. Soon, she can’t text or write . The very last text she sends me, in mid-April, is about getting away from my mother’s house. The last question is a series of lines asking what the kids would want for Easter, because she’s determined she’s actually sending them gifts and treats. From then on, they have only phone calls or video calls. But they’re not always looking to coordinate, because she cannot easily follow the conversation; she is just sick, with a brain tumor, who tells me, as well as the pain