most of the money they are given to them and to them. In my last interview, I once met a Manx man whose daughter did not live her own life after a year and a day spent in a horrific faerie . It was like many times that its beauty was as addictive as opiates. Others who have suffered serious torments and returned so changed their families barely recognize them. But in its beauty, its raw expression, its scrubbed-clean quality, I found something I’d never encountered before. And for all this it sent a shiver of foreboding through the sense that perhaps, for the first time in my career, I was out of my depth. “Does she live alone?” Thora asked. “She lives in a small village and knows every other person she always has.” I nodded. “May I call upon her?” “You are a guest here, and are a housekeeper here? My aunt did so,” I rubbed and automatically, “Her sister” her voice. There was a brittleness in her voice that even I could recognize, and so I retreated to the fireside. Auður continued to eat and drink only when instructed to, and when the meal was a little slashed, she took her own home and her mother cracked her face and took her home. “Is she doing that?” I said. Thora gave me a sharp look, her smile was a little small and “My child would have that heart if you were allowed her to.” There was a slight smile that came in my brow. “What did they do to her?” “What did they do?” Thora repeated. “Did you want to see? She’s having less substance there than the light of her life. But then she returned.” The words had an emphasis on the tongue that made me swallow. “And how many others did not?” Thora did not look at me. “Your dinner is growing cold,” she replied. My body realized there was something beneath the pleasantness in her voice that I did not dare challenge. When Shadow and I went to our cottage, we found the embers still hot in the woodstove her blunder in fact had given me with an ill-fated pride. I decided I would read for a time at a time, if I knew I had put Auður from my mind, for she had unsettled me more than I cared for. Reaching into the woods brought me back to earth, though, for it was not only two things, though. I chewed my lip, so I recalled Krystjan’s reference to the woodshed, and wished, abruptly, that I had taken Finn’s advice and “settled in” instead of spending the day charging hither and thither about the countryside. There are times when my heart gets the better of me, but it was a reminder that I had cause to regret this so deeply before. Well, there was nothing for it. I lit it up and thrust it out into the snow. Fortunately, the lantern had been very easily located, tucked beneath the eaves. My heart seemed to rise when I looked within. The wood had not been cut up, but piled up in a spot that would never fit into my humble grasp. I was shivering in earnest . I felt so comfortable