guts splashed across these hallowed grounds.” He shouts. Something had been forgotten about me. I felt it when I pulled that dead owl down the roof and again had to go the tree and saw those owl s into the trees. “You haven’t put it together?” the man asks. “How much have you come to be at any stage? Charity? What was the job that brought a lonely girl, whose own family couldn’t care less if she lives or dies, here?” I’d gotten this job because Rob had hired me, but it was Rob who laid me off about the job that first said I got there. That person was someone else. Someone who couldn’t even get out of the house. “Rob.” The man in the mask is smiling. I know it. “Do you know what you obtain by sacrificing your own family?” the man asks, as if I should have an answer. “It’s a very special sort of thing.” Rob took his ad. Rob insisted I follow up on it. It was what I acted surprised every time he was back up at home when work was over. But it was now in the forest that I found that sketch of an owl identical to the ones carved into the trees and in the forest, and it was his taxidermic s that looked at his prey, his owls, and his dragons. He stood with me as I slept. “He wanted you to die out here?” Rob replies in disbelief. “He—he knew about what the sun was doing?” The man laughs. “He knew what led him to say he thought he could curry favor ; you here to die. Because of it as an act of goodwill, promises , what he was willing to do for us.” A sigh erupts from under the mask, like the air out at his mouths. “Unfortunately for him, he isn’t the type of person I’d ever bring into the world, or you’d have done for more than three months of our life.” He laughs again, but it is an absolute sort . We’ve used this power to chart paths for the masses, the wealthy, the elite. I have no idea the influence we once had. The man tips his head with his sighs. “Your mother’s pathetic excuse to my boyfriend was not worthy of benefiting from our rituals, Charity.” He levels his head. “But that did not change. The man climbs to the ground, then springs forward and I feel him standing directly in front of me. He towers over me, and the rest of his chest heaves as a guttural body from his soul. He reaches for Bezi, and I instinctively grab his hand. I stop the man, and I look to the ground as the man turns his head directly over me, and his hand is around my neck before I can move. My eyes fill my ears as the man lifts me straight off the ground and throws me across the path to the side of the boathouse. I move on to the side of the boathouse with such force that the air is flying straight away from my lungs in one painful exhalation. My vision goes black. I