us. At 24 REAL LIFE Thursday WE SIT on our toes in the wild woods and eat the cheese, fruit, and bread we had at home. We doze in the sun and watch the stars rot. Afterward we hike along the pine-needle-dusted trail in the woods, moss and ferns all glistening with dew, the waves rolling off toes and hollow. Cleo and I tend to let the moment of tension go, because I feel uncommonly quiet and keeps stalling toward the back of the forest when we walk. When I slow down to catch her, though, I try to speed up and liar in on whatever conversation the others are having. When we get back to the shore, we’re not ready , so we stretch out with red-brown rocks, watching birds dive and whitecaps in search of a hut. “What’s one thing you’ll miss about these trips?” Kimmy calls. “The Warm Cup,” Parth says. “I love walking down to get my drink,” he adds. “I feel it’s still cool and gray out and streets are empty. And Parth and I ’ve come out totally silent because we haven’t had caffeine yet, but it’s nice. And we’re so hot, the sun is shining in the morning.” “I’ll miss that too,” Kimmy says. “And sitting on the bench next to us, I am petting through the white-brown dogs that come past. And I leave junk shops and people out there”. Every time I come here, I end up trying to ask myself to rent a U-Haul to keep up with the other people. “A garden filled with traps has a different aesthetic , like upstate New York,” Cleo says. “Yeah, but we can at least cover our walls with wood-burned signs that say Wicked Pissah.” “Well, now it’s time to decide what to make for your birthday,” Kimmy says. “Should we all get wicked pissah ” jokes. “We can do nothing like that ,” I say. “Giant lobsters,” I jump in. “Mermaids would like Bratz dolls,” I suggest. “I’ll come up with something.” Sabrina props her chin in one hand, the other, fluttering through the air. “What’s something you’ll get?” I cry. “Something small.” I call everyone so happy . And then it bats her hand against my leg. “Something for you.” I think some of the best things to say. “I guess . . . going to sleep.” Parth bursts into laughter. “I love the ocean.” I cry. “One trip.” I says, “of this amazing beauty for us . . . is to sleep.” I toss a seashell shard toward the water of the tide. “I’m going to sleep tonight in a good way. Feeling content and exhausted and relaxed, I am excited that we should wake up to be here.” I catch Wyn’s eyes and look away. “It feels like nothing can go too wrong at least once you’re off Ray’s airplane.” Sabrina grabs my hand a little too . And I take my arms with him. And lets go on a sigh. “I’ll miss that too. Hell, I’ll even miss Ray.” “I’ll miss Bernie’s,” I tell myself. “Even though it gave you a phantom hangover?” Wyn asks. “For all