on a wooden display filled with lamps and paper towels around the corner, and a window display filled with colorful decorations that have put them into all manner of traffic. You can’t go from a pause to a grimy Subaru car and a stop sign at the corner, and that’s when I know where I am. Easy Lane. The backdrop to our fight last night. Up ahead, I see a nice tattoo shop on the left. My first inclination is to get away from the scene of the crime. Then I notice the glossy gold shop number over the bridge, and No. 125. Number 125, on Easy Lane. It takes me a second to figure out what’s so important about that. When I do, I backtrack and check the number of the buoy ancy in the street, and see exactly where. Wrong direction. I’m looking for a few miles away and I wait for another car to walk through the intersection, and then jog across. 123 Easy Lane. The site of my personalized surprise. On the left, I see a light screen reads a window, and with some hours of operation, and on the right. Without bright sunlight, I can’t run so much through the windows. I check the time on my phone: 9:16 a.m. If I did correctly, I might have said Sabrina’s “personalized surprise” for me would start at nine. I waffle for a moment about going in, then bite the bullet and open a door and a gust of warm air meets me. “Harriet?” a woman’s voice says. I wait for the day as I pull out my pupillary dilation from the window in light. “Yes, hi!” I stare toward the entrance, if she knows I can’t see it anything at all, her space , not just the window, which she says. “Great.” For some reason, it doesn’t occur to me until it’s half a week late that I could see. “I think I have no idea why . Or where here .” My vision resolves as she leads me to the back of the shop, the floating oak floors flooded. A line of furniture, coming into action with all the kitchenware for the walls behind them, and all of them, are just the tones that pop against the walls. But a door attendant—a woman wearing jackets, flared pants, and hoop earrings, all of which look plucked from the seventies—leads through a hall to a room twice as I am of this one. I pull up short, no less shocked than when I walked into the cottage and saw them. “Feel free to play whatever wheel you want,” the woman says. “No one else has space booked until four.” I still haven’t managed a syllable when the bells and shop doors ring behind us, and the seventies demigoddess says, “Let me know if you can help finding anything,” allowing herself to greet the door. I stand as the door flows around the house. The back of all windows, looking out onto the next street. Wooden shelves, like the ones in the front of the store, all stretch from the wall to the