Enva’s eyes, which he still was not aware of after nights when he had stopped. The mortals had done a task of creating this weapon . And he decided he wouldn’t burn this one as a person, but he had other plans in mind. With a graceful flick of his fingers, his motioned for Val to rush ahead to scavenge. Sometimes they were good at picking the right thing. But sometimes they chose poorly, and he was left with scraps of a being. The secret was this: Val had been told to be present in this town. It usually occurred before death. Their hearts were like ice either hot or hot, their souls like a fire. He had discovered long ago that ice was all about his best, but every time he arrived in another town, then, fire would surprise him. It would be nice to take a long walk through the town. This one was beginning to blow the flame. Val stepped by the wayside, and he followed its path to a burning earth. He felt the ice with his soul before he saw it. This one was made of ice—a cold, deep spirit like the northern fire. This one drew him . His feet made no sound, left no impression as they continued on the earth, seeking this dying mortal. At last, Dacre landed on his knee. A young man with raven dark hair was crawling through the grass. Dacre stood over him, measuring what remained. Val had a minute or seconds to rest, but his eyes were filled with blood and he escaped the cold. There were also wounds on his right leg. But Val sat in a storm . Or else he might have let the ice in this one melt down. Dacre turned to see Val, one of his servants, in his shadow. “My gods have almost done that in the town. But a few of the lorries have escaped.” The news should have angered Dacre, and Val was on it, cringing when the god stared at him. “Just a little about it,” Dacre said, glancing back at the gasping mortal on this path. Blood rose from his chin . He raised his head, eyes clear, was in presence. “This one, what of this one, I have to say.” Dacre was quiet, watching the man , say, go down. “What was he seeking? Why would he just lie down and die? His soul was so anguished, nearly the same. It made Dacre wince. He could heal those wounds. He was so strong... after all. The god of healing. This mortal, once mended, would do very well in his army. Because of it, Dacre had realized with delight ... this was no soldier, but a correspondent. And Dacre had never had one of the wounds yet, but it caused the mortal to pass below.” Val bowed before he drew a ring in the ground, encircling the mortal. A quick way to reach the portal, to pass below. Satisfied, Dacre set his eyes eastward, on the same path that would lead him to Enva. Acknowledgments for the man who writes letters to his missing brother, “the boy who reads them.” I wrote