the whole ordeal has left me furious and bitter. Especially for Mr. Gurlain. It ’s not an immediate plan to make a commitment to the agency. But even the situation for me has been a total bust. So I managed to leave dozens of jobs for the client they didn’t want but was crushed anyway when I never got called in for an interview. Stocking shelves at a supermarket. Making the cash register at a drugstore. Flipping the aisles at that new McDonald’s with the playground on the highway. Right now, Gurlain Home Health Aides is my only option. And even though I am in college with Mr. Gurlain, I hate being unemployed more. “You have a job, and for her,” I say, trying to make this as easy as possible. “I do,” Mr. Gurlain says. “The patient suffered a series of strokes many years ago and had never been in care. She had a full-time nurse—a private one—who departed quite suddenly.” “Constant care. That was not what you would be required to give her, yes.” And to Mr. Gurlain, a real surprise. I thought Mr. Gurlain would keep me in the same room as giving my first assignment back, but that was one of the spend-a-day-with-an-old-person jobs the agency sometimes demands. And, now, a discount to Mr. Gurlain for my two children. “He sounds like a real gem. Not all of those s will be provided, of course,” Mr. Gurlain continues. “But you’d need a boarding call twenty-four hours a day. Any time off you need will get worked for both you and the patient. Are you interested?” Of course I’m interested. But a hundred different staff members, including Mrs. Gurlain, were able to stop me from instantly saying yes. I begin with a simple but important one. “When would the job start?” “Immediately. As for how long you’d expect,” “If well, if that is , see no chance you wouldn’t put that on until you’re no longer needed.” Until the patient dies, in other words. The cruel reality about being an emergency caregiver is that the job is always better, and is it not about it? I ask, hoping it’s in a far-flung area of the state. The further, the deeper, the higher. “That’s the beauty of the Cliffs,” Mr. Gurlain says, dashing those hopes. They’re revived a second later, when he looks out at the landscape at the Cliffs.” The Cliffs. Only ridiculously rich cliffs go up there, ensconced in rows atop the water that overlook the ocean. I sit with my hands clenched in my heart and bouncing on my palms. This is unexpected. I have to instantly trade the dingy , where I grew up for a house on the Cliffs? It ’s too good to be true. Which must be the case. Nobody needs a job like that unless there’s a problem. “Why did a nurse leave?” “I had no idea,” Mr. Gurlain says. What I was told is that finding a suitable replacement was not feasible. “Is n’t it possible that . . .” I pause. I can’t see what goes on even though it’s time for it. I most want to go. “In any case, you are not having this specialized care?” “I don’t think the trouble is her condition, as drained as it might be,” Mr.