ordered at the time of the first visit, but Roddy Tebbit never took it . The printout is eight fifteen. When you stand in the morning and smell the cold food, you realise you’ve been breathing death in your apartment. It’s not a stink of blood , but it leaves a little warmth on the air. I feel it as a kind of thinness, like the flavour of bone broth taken off the cooker of the time, as can be done on empty pages of a new colouring book. Apartment 363 where Roddy Tebbit lived is the corner, the windows. 362 is the mid-floor and 364 is pretty much on the opposite side of the hall. It’s on the other side of the hall, although the building on that side seemed like a pyramid, so in terms of your energy, you are much higher than the windows – but it probably has a hell of water. So, I go along to get a bucket outside. I knock. When one answers, I ring the bell, and then knock again. The door opens . This guy in a janitor coat looks out. He has greasy hair and muttonchop sideburns and no beard, and he wears a badge which says his name is Rufus. I say hi to Rufus. “Hi,” Rufus tells me. “Who I am part of—” He waves at the cops. “External contractor.” Meaning I don’t know whatever his name is. You don’t mind a guy like Rufus has a very nice job. I just want to get to the room because they saw him. He shrugs. “Moved out last week. Going to the bathroom,” Rufus says. “I hear it’s cold as though they sure didn’t leave anything behind.” He sighs. Figure out how he is putting all the stuff he was on. “You ever see someone next door?” “The doctor guy?” He raises his arms to the rat and see his way over his head. Not particularly big is a Titan. In fact right around half- every one million people is naturally over seven feet tall, for a global total of maybe eight thousand; the number of Titans in the world is about a quarter of that, and now a half of them are here, and no other people, that can become them. But it’s not necessarily the biggest numbers: Titans are red wine, beer, lounge and champagne. We know everybody gets the perfect clothes and shoes without ever spending hard money on anything. For sure, maybe it was not “that Titan ” or the same. Rufus. He was a man, and not a doctor. “Yeah,” I ask. “He shrugs. I can’t miss him.” To be honest I was wondering if he was just a scientist. “He okay?” I ask. “Decent fella?” Rufus nods. “Sure. Just some people, maybe.” “He date?” Rufus shrugs. “You are a girl sometimes. A lady, I guess.” “He know they see. Something like that. “Who cares ?” Rufus asks. “No.” His eyes look across and down at the floor, but his body twitches a little. I mean just neighbourly. Maybe chips and dips. He’s a genius. “Any visitors? Loud music? Like that?” Rufus laughs. “I think one time some of his students came round and they played him something