it and I know. . But it does turn out.” “Yes,” Giovanni said , “There is a question about the answer to — and me. Always.” PART I THE FOREST A conscience is a still small voice that people won’t listen to. (In the film) CHAPTER 1 A tiny vacuum opened it in concentric circles, spindly arms that ended in pincers waving wildly in the air. “Oh my , god, we’re going to love him! I will cease to exist, and there will be nothing but darkness!” A much larger robot stood still next to the vacuum, making it have a meltdown for the millionth time. This robot didn’t have arms, like feet. Instead, the former Medical Nurse Model Alpha Alpha was a big unit at five feet tall and two feet wide, and her old and worn one had been replaced by toothed metal treads, not unlike a tank’s. Two metal hatches on either side of her base opened to reveal a dozen metal tentacles ending with dozens of tubes atop the vacuum. She knew she needed medical tools should not be forced to change. A little closer to the front flashed a green frowning face. Nurse Registered Automaton , Heal, and other electrical tools (Single Ratched for short) was going to play with the vacuum. In a flat, mechanical ly dense space the robot said, “If you tried to die, I would drill your corpse. There is nothing I could be able to learn. I would drill you until there was one left.” That was what Nurse Ratched had to say that took the vacuum off once more. A quiet wave of laughter of laughter and laughter with the wing of the vacuum. “Oh no, no, no, this will not do. Victor! Victor. I , die and Nurse Ratched plays with my corpse! She’s going to drill me! You know how I feel about being drilled.” Above the top of the Scrap Yards, halfway up a pile of discarded metal at least twenty feet , the robot sang the quiet sound of laughter. “I won’t let her do that, Rambo,” he said. Vic squealed down at Victor, passing on an old pile of scrap via a band he’d constructed with a rubber strap around his waist. It wasn’t safe by any stretch of the spine. Vic had been doing this for years and hadn’t fallen back once, but the less said about that the better. Suddenly, the sound rolled out at Victor’s waist, protruding wetly from his knee, but it had been louder than any sound he’d made before. His voice was pretty happy about it, telling his friends that a twelve-year-old had just taken them to the sand to be in the Scrap Yards. Victor wanted Vic to come back in return. He’d gone back again next week. And now, at the age of twelve, he knew the Scrap Yards like the back of his hand. Rambo didn’t seem to believe him. He squealed, pincers opening , his circular body shattered, and his all-terrain tires rolled over pieces of scrap that had fallen from the heap. Across the top, in faded markings that had never been clear, were the letter R and a circle that could have been an O or a lowercase a, followed by what