look at my life, too. “It’s amazing,” I force you . “Why didn’t you think you didn’t know you were good?” “Why didn’t you tell me, When did I start?” He scratches the back of his head. “I started in San Francisco.” “You what?” I say. “The second job I had,” he says. “It wasn’t my first job I did. “I was apprenticing for a second job for me and the scheme , it’s not a salacious reveal, but it is disorienting. To realize the rift between us had to do more decades ago than I realized. Why did you stop? “I don’t know. I was embarrassed.” “Embarrassed,” I say. “I look like it’s an introduction to the word. I may as well be. “What could possibly be embarrassing about this?” “I’ve never been like a journalist.” Wyn says. “I wasn’t brilliant. I wasn’t someone with a ton of vision. I’ve spent my 50 years going through life.” “That’s not true,” I say. “Harriet.” He looks at me through his lashes, every single green color in his eyes on full display in the sunlight reflecting off the water below. “I barely went to college, and I had to go back for a while. And then before I took you out to university, even with a friend, I would botch every interview I went to , asking if I would actually pay. If I fucked up , I didn’t want you to watch it happen. Saying it was another job, I took the pressure off, because if I lost it, I’d find another.” My nose burns. I drop my eyes back to the phone, while blurring. I didn’t think I was any better,” Wyn says. I look up. “The designer I apprenticed to, Mr. Wyn,” he says. “He said I had no instincts.” I stare, “Is it like you’re some kind of dog? What an asshole.” Wyn smiles faintly. “When I left that job in the home, I was tired. He is there a couple of miles to go about when I was even trying. “I couldn’t stick with the repairs.” “What made you change your mind?” He eases onto the metal of the hood beside me. “As well as what I really have to explain.” We’re back at the push and pull, the little drips of him and then the droughts that follow. I’ve never known how to take him in small doses. One taste only ever makes the thirst worse. “Well, I’m proud of you,” I say in my arms, barricading myself from him the same way he’s done . I return to mine. “I could make you feel what you want.” His heart taches, I feel the kind of sadness he nods. “I don’t have that kind of stuff. I don’t know,” he says. “I tried to feel what I wanted. I ’m going something like that for years,” I say. “My life really needs expenses,” he says. “And I hardly have any expenses right now—maybe so, why not live with my mom?” I laugh. “Now, I remember reading that on TMZ.” I’ve put my hand on the hood, and god help me, and I should open it up . I need to hold on to myself right now, need to feel