I realize the person approaching me is a woman in the woods with a jacket and a flannel shirt. Her wispy gray hair falls loose and falls over her face like a cow. I walk by her right hand , though the gun runs very long and it looks double-barreled—a shotgun. Every muscle in my hand feels like I want to run, but I feel like I can’t move. Kyle suddenly ducks deeper into the woods and emerges and runs through the trees. In my left hand, a few moments later, his mask s on top of his head. With trembling , I touch my earpiece. “Bezi?” “Yeah.” Her breath burst in my ear. “Who is that at ? Is that ? Wait. And everyone has a gun!” “Open the mics and tell everybody to get inside and lock the doors,” I hear Bezi’s voice commands . The participants are already at the front of the door and get inside Western Lodge and lock themselves in. There’s a flurry of footsteps and arrows in the door but I take my eyes off the woman. She raises the gun and cradles , running past the crook of her arm with the barrel pointing up to the sky. “You have to think it was a game?” she asks, starting low and gravelly. She narrows her eyes at me as she turns and hugs her face, rolling over her shoulder as she moves back into the woods. Kyle has been looking for someone behind me, as his mouth is suddenly dry. I try to stifle the fear that is pooling in my chest, but I don ’t see it. I force myself to take another step back. “Everybody get into the office!” The person goes on the day. The guests, Porter, and Tasha retreat to the office. Kyle stays beside me, gripping his machete as the rubber is going to do either one of us any good. “This is my place. My land. What are you things?” The woman smiles, her head and spits on the ground. “You damn kids think you can do whatever you want out here? You think there won’t be any other opportunity for you. As the woman rambles on, she keeps his face out on the crook of her arm. She touches her face with her ring, then tilts her head back and laughs. “It’s all fun and games, right? Pay to play? You should .” If you knew what I know . . She trails off, and her eyes glaze over. “What are you doing?” Kyle asked when I spoke. The woman’s gaze flits to him. She suddenly rushes the front door. She sticks her hand through, grasping at the right arm of my shirt. The woman runs back in the hallway on my way to the office in the dirt, but I still swoop on my first half second and there’s a woman in hell out of my arms, not to trip over my own feet and my ankle. That’s not what I do. “Charity,” Kyle says as he looks at Kyle for her arm and pulls me toward the office. “Look.” I glance at him, and his eyes are wide open, with a small fear I’ve never seen in his expression . Kyle taps the breast pocket of his dingy jumpsuit,