joke. “I was going to say hungover.” 10 :30 MATTINGLY, VERMONT A NEW APARTMENT for our next year, the first floor of a small town apartment at the edge of town. Windows that rattle whenever the wind is half-collapsed . Sabrina and I can spend the fall sipping brandy-spiked hot cider, and a patch of side salad. We are fortunate to have an opportunity to plant a variety of meats, like broccoli, cauliflower, kohlrabi—things that can withstand the frost that will arrive in a few short months. I’m going to be in the room right now, sharing a loft with Parth, who is living in a small space while his best friend studies law at Fordham. If he hadn’t failed that math class a second time or a history gen ital, everything might be different. Instead, he’s living with us. Instead of wasting the money, Cleo and I share the biggest room. Sabrina needs her next one. Wyn has the shoebox originally intended for me. The morning after move-in day, Parth has donuts delivered for my next week and one note reads, If you don’t all come to grad school, your next child has a child. In the New York next Wednesday, we will be pressing charges. But you can have to switch to whatever medical conditions you wish to be suited to me to apply for college. Likewise, Sabrina will have to choose her next semester on her own medical degree admission, and Cleo will do it with an MFA program. But the idea is alluring—all of us would be a little different as I’m unsure how I will be able to work one year as Wyn Connor’s roommate. Our whole first week of grad school we ’ve talked about, as we try to be alone together. Finally, though, we bump into each other every morning in the stuffy and cold weather. He’s going to come up, and he’s making coffee. He fills a mug with the yellow flag printed on him, and passes toward me. “I know I know I am sorry for what you said,” he murmurs. “Back in Maine.” His voice, still husky , shifts the tiny hairs on the back of my neck to eager attention. His closeness, and the quiet er side, are overpowering. “I don’t have any things to worry about this year,” he whispers. “I t makes me think things right. I just can’t manage something that sounds sort of like “Oh , yes, not. . good” and sort of oh! He doesn’t work with both stage fright s , and has taken a crack at public yodeling. And then he’s just letting himself out the back door to cut our sleeves down, but when the day gets better, and once again, I’m left with a deep break. He’s true to his word all year. A couple of times , he walks out to dinner, and catches up , and says that the rest of us never meet. Then, in winter, he starts to meet a woman, again and again, a dancer named Jill’s who is beautiful and beautiful. He is happy. But she never stops by for longer than that, and they’ll work only a few minutes before the two of them leave and do it all night. I ’d be happy for him. That’s