I was on hers. I won’t have to wonder if she could hurt me or because I’m not up to anything I wish I’d told her. In the morning there was nothing broken or broken between us. While my mother sleeps, my mother and I sit side by side, our faces half-lit by the westward-facing windows, watching the sun creep down to the edge of the window. Here are some of the best recipes my parents and I have known and loved in every season. We talk about the evening ahead: before my baby wakes up from her nap, we’ll ask what she wants for dinner, burgers or tacos. Maybe we’ll watch her take his kids out or watch her play a game of cards—she is teaching my daughter how to play rummy—or maybe you’ll sit and talk until it’s time for your baby to go to bed. We will leave in the morning, but we still have one more night. I keep my name on my chest until together we wait for her to wake. Notes & Acknowledgments I am deeply grateful to Marie Howe, whose words have long been a source of inspiration and inspiration, for offering her a powerful and powerful title this year as a tribute to her poem “For Three Days” and excerpt “What Does A Living Do” within. The quotations from the Book The Ladder of Divine Ascent are from this 2012 Revised Edition by the Holy Transfiguration Monastery in Brookline, Massachusetts, translated by Father , and the work of John Lewis. A Living Remedy exists thanks to the skill and talents of Ecco publisher Helen Atsma, Robert Ethanol and George Taylor. From our first conversation, it was clear how I believed in and understood this book, two things that remained the same as one I loved. The words that I wished to write gave way to something that was far more arduous. Thank you for helping to make this so far as the book it needed to be, and for the abundant grace and depth you’ve shown me. Warmest wishes to my agent, Maria Massie, source of so much compassionate advice, whose dedication and thoughtfulness has made all the difference in my life. I know how lucky I am to have you in my life and Carrie Frye, who never forgot to listen to me and write this book to anyone else, and whom I was thrilled to collaborate with after years of trading editorial -types with metaphors: praising me for believing when I was seeing that I couldn’t, and not letting me go onstage with this kilt on my head. I have the most brilliant and supportive publishing team, and I’m indebted to the all-star crew at Broadside PR, including Sonya , Soo Chun, Meghan Deans, Caitlin Mulrooney-Lyski, Miriam Parker, and Rachel Sargent. Many thanks to the talented staff of Broadside PR. Vivian Rowe, your writing is like a dream—a poem in and out of my ears. Please refer to Julie a Chow, Yuka Igarashi, Megha Majumdar, Imani Perry, and others for their great stories and early reads. Jasmine Guillory, you have a very warm friendship and genuinely don’t know where I’d be without