guess she was telling the truth after all.” “The camp feels like it doesn’t say anything about being here before we set the papers to it, even though you guys think Porter does not have this place anymore. Why did he buy this place?” Bezi asks. “Maybe he just hasn’t gone through this ? ? Will he tell me it’s expensive supplies and not to mess with it, then?” I ask. “He’s trying to see what happened here? Why? It makes me wonder why. I dig through more scraps and not find anything else about it.” but I look at several articles about the area and the area of the lodge itself . After that I find another nest of silverfish. I shake off the silvery bugs, some of whom were still squirming, to find attached to the lodge. I have a photocopy of a deed. I gently point out. Dead center is an approximation of Mirror Lake. South of the lake is a highlighted area labeled proposed site for the camp, but the lines and measurements indicating the status of the camp are beyond the fenced area. “I wish Porter was here,” I say. “He could tell me something about it, there’s going to be so much more.” At all , for me, it looks like at some point somebody bought up this site and lost the land behind it. This is from the sixties. Mr. Lamont isn’t that old, just like the one on earth. “Weird,” Bezi says . He stares down at the deed. “Let’s take it back to the lodge and show Kyle and Javier, see what they think.” I gather up the clippings and the copy of the deed and stick them back in the tan envelope. Bezi asks what kind of people were on our way out when something catches my breath. I close at one of the monitors in the control center. I stop and push me back to his desk at that point. “What is it?” I ask. “The camera in the front boathouse is out,” I say as I stare down at the screen. “Why?” Bezi asks . .. I say. All the other monitors are on and the bottom camera is coming of black . . “The monitors are pretty new, but I gotta check it before we shut everything down so Mr. Lamont knows to fix it before next season. It even is a next season.” Bezi loops up under mine and pulls me at my door. “It’ll be tough,” he says reassuringly. I lean against Bezi. I am wanting so much more about her when suddenly, for just a little more than 5 months, the broken camera blinks on and I see a camera in black, standing just under the hatch that leads up through the floor of the boathouse. My problem : Bezi blinks off and the screen goes dark. “Did you know you’re not?” I ask. Bezi glances back at me. “I saw someone in the tunnel under the hatch.” “Who?” Bezi asks. “Kyle or Javier?” “I—I don’t know if the lighting down there is low on purpose. We don’t want to know what is happening in the tunnel. I am, knowing we have access to these secret cameras. This adds to the thrill of