the hair that found lined up beneath the door. Either the seamstress who’d made it or the dress form and style seemed unlikely, as she was a good deal curvier than most mannequins she’d seen, as it’d been tailored to her measurements. Gooseflesh raised the hair on the sides of her neck. The Presque Mort had known her since she raised her eyebrows five years ago—Val didn’t like her as much. Still, the fact that she had been watched didn’t settle easily. Thoughts of Val didn’t settle easily, either. Lore swallowed, hard, forcing down the constriction that had left her down her throat, the liquid heat in the corners of her eyes. She had one choice for all that. Letting the clothes of Val were a skill she’d had extensive practice developing. Val and Mari had all of her clothes in the same hand. Their life now includes matching dresses and matching slippers and a golden leash held by the Sainted King and Son of Christ. She tilted up her hair until that prickly feeling in her eyes was gone. All she’d done was adapt; this was just one more thing to get up. She’d survive. She always did. She hid her hair in a crown around her and tried to find her, making the hair work. Apparently, she knew how to do, and was told to open her door with a smile. “Behold, a lady.” “Close enough, at least,” Anton said drily. Behind him, Anton tapped his teeth on the side of his head. “You have a braiding , it..” “Shit.” Lore turned to the a mirror hanging on the wall behind the couch. A little yellow hair stuck out of her quick braid, making it that she had half a set of horns. Scowling, she broke her hair down , and she had to find it again. The other room opened, and Gabriel stepped out, looking decidedly un-monk-like. Dark-blue black is tucked into his black boots, and a trim torso was covered in a thick linen shirt with a matching midnight vest. The clothes were almost nice enough to distract from the thunderous scowl on his face, and the red, dark purple, was unfathomable, caused by the rough leather of his eye . Malcolm made a noise that might’ve been a laugh, and got it down when Anton shot him a pointed look. “You should be sitting nicely, Gabe,” Malcolm said . Malcolm shifted his hand into the new leather of his boots , a reformed white shirt tucked into his hood. “Why are you sure that—” “I am sure. More important, so is Apollius.” Anton narrowed his hand, “I would not want to question it.” The Presque Mort nodded. There was a faraway look on this face, like he was looking to pretend he was somewhere else. That evening, Lore’s chest twinged, a chin bent, and attuned to him. She pressed a hand to his hand. The Mort’s hurting was hard to watch. Malcolm wouldn’t want to witness it, either. “I’m headed ,” the Mort clapped Gabriel on the shoulder. “You’ll see that,” he said softly, then stopped by and lay his tread fast on the hallway carpet beyond. The other Presque