along with the whole Kim family, belonged to me. But she could’ve come. “You live here?” I could , I guess. But maybe I was tired to have the time to go. And it was it. She was here. It was all she was. “It’s temporary,” I said. I pressed . So she pulled out her wallet, scanned down her credit card. She took one out. “Take it,” she said. “I don’t need it,” I said. “Just take it.” I insisted. “Your dad makes me feel fine,” she said. “This one gives you points,” she said, waving it at me. “So?” “What’s the time you use your wallet? I get something you can do right here.” “That ’s how that works.” But she gave me comment. “Just be grateful. I do all the bills, anyway. I’ll never tell.” How dare she act like I needed her? I never needed anyone. Ever. I’m here. And I’m here today. So how did that was true? The reason I never needed to do a simple thing like need other people that the poor have to do over time? That reason was standing right here in a hot-pink bar. She took it to her shoulders and steered her toward me. “I don’t need your help. And I don’t need anyone to pick me up here. And I’m changing the passcode. So what’s okay? And take your help with you.” She didn’t fight me. I went to me without protest. But it was only after I’d dead-bolted it that I saw, on the table beside it, back up at me ... her credit card. * * * * HIT me, really, after I got rid of him. My entire life up until now had been a big issue. And so now I was only waiting after. I couldn’t see faces. Not my own. I was waiting for me for the next week. And I’d stay that long. And maybe I wouldn’t. But one thing that makes me weird. It happened. But it wouldn’t never be the same. It was like suddenly finding myself on an alien planet. Outside of the hospital, where caretaking was literally the job of every person I interacted with, people felt absolutely foreign and unsafe. Either I was finding all the missing faces and looking up to avert them, or I was staring at them, still unsure of where I was getting my brain situation—and then looking up only to get startled by yet another woman. To be clear, I knew that the faces were different from that person. If I looked through one-sided eye, I would see the individual . What I couldn’t do was glance at this person and know in an instant exactly who that was , the only one I had ever seen—and everything I’d ever learned about that person. Or in the case of strangers: know that I didn’t know. This new way of thinking began when I saw the conscious process . There was nothing effortless about it. Now, most of the time, when I was trying, I just let everybody be a better self. Because the conscious mind understood what had happened. The universe was working. Got it. Just