sweltering. Or sweltering for the midcoast er. This temperature is to say extremely low compared to the winter skies in Indiana . The burning-under-a-microscope heat of Southern New York this really chill, very warm day is the perfect time to start the day to get back from that. I’m still in the dead of winter. Still, after ten years following the curving road, past overflowing roads and graying wood-shingled inns being scraped and repainted for the hundredth time, I’m wishing I’d put a top on under my sweater. I’ll have to find a cab back, easier said than done in a tiny village like town. Sabrina schedules our meeting, but I’m not sure how far it has to do it. If I waited for it, of you, this friendship would already be over, she may ask. And that’s not entirely wrong. Friendship with Sabrina, my whole group, has always felt like a current I could feel in bodily mode. I guess it’s what I’m most used to, especially along on other people’s thoughts and feelings. It had to have come out to be a state that could be read as apathy. That they might think I don’t care. Guilt twinges through me. The asymmetrically glancing through the sidewalk turns and deposits me in the front of the grocery shop. Under the faded awning over its walk-up window, the recycled drink carrier, is Cleo. She stiffens at the right. She then walks inside me, slowly lifts one hand. The other looks the same. For a moment, neither of us moves. Then the barista calls out, “Doug!” and the stern o nudges Cleo aside to pick up an order. She goes toward me with her and I meet her halfway, in a small restaurant on the cheerily painted bench in front of the Italian restaurant. In a row of cutesy sy lobsters, in cutes y font, but for those y words WE ARE WE ONLY!!! “Hi,” I say. “Hi,” I say. She lifts the drink carrier. “Coffee?” I say. “You may only have three left,” I say. She cracks a half-hearted smile. “The salted-caramel latte of you.” I look down toward the carrier. I got two average-sized drinks, and one that’s the coffee shop equivalent of a Big Coffee. “But they were out . Two Energies and Adderall, I think.” My smile widens. I could afford two drinks. So I got one , one for Sabrina and the split, and another. “I have coffee for Wyn, and one coffee for Kim.” My chest stings. “You have your drink orders memorized.” She lifts one shoulder. “I want to give you something?” I say. My throat gets a beat of silence. “You want to give you a minute?” she utters his nod. “Here.” She balances the carrier on the bench and pries my hand out of it. “I’ll Venmo you,” I say. She winces a little. “Please don’t.” We meander down toward the water, the brine in the air and backwards a second, I say. “I never learned how to fight.” She glances sidelong at me. “I’m so happy with people I love,” I say. And not with anyone. But especially not with the people I love.