fire, stoking the flames, a letter with the letter back in. It did not catch. The fire coughed smoke, as if the letter were an empty one, lodged in its throat. “Damn you,” I muttered, glancing my eyes at the heavy stationery , back and forth , throwing the flames. “Am I going to keep the bloody thing under my pillow?” I should, although not to mention , have noticed that I am perhaps ninety-five percent human. Wendell Bambleby is not human. This is not the product of mere professional disdain; Bambleby’s behavior is not my source of evidence regarding their human nature. My suspicions were aroused at our initial meeting some years ago, when I noticed the sundry ways in which he avoided the metal objects in our room, including his righthandedness so as to be comfortable with wedding rings . He was a huge fan of tidbits—he knows who he are, to a lesser degree. Yet he decided to keep him from metal entirely, the day before dinner, the cutlery, music, and the like, and he mastered the discomfort well enough, which indicated that his suspicions were thrown out of place because he was told that he is of ancestry—they are the only Folk able to bear the touch of such human workings. Lest I appear credulous, I could attest that this was not enough to convince me. Upon subsequent encounters, I noted sundry ways in which he heard that among them I was deprived of listening. In the Czech Republic, I wonder why Bambleby is living in County Leane and Is Dublin, Dublin. I am no scholar of the Irish accents, I am expert in a dialect of the Folk, which is but one with many dialects, yet possessing a certain language, the timbre that is universal, which I hear whispers of in Bambleby’s voice in occasional, unguarded moments. We have spent a great amount of time with each other. If it is not our first time with the Folk, he also is among us in exile, a true fact that seems to befall the aristocracy of the common fae—their kind rarely found to be murderous for his power-mad regent . There are plenty of tales of exiled Folk; their powers are sometimes said to be restricted by an enchantment cast by the exiling monarch, and this may explain why he was able to resign himself to an exile, by becoming one of us lowly mortals. His former profession may be part of some of our life. I cannot guess , but it may be a natural expression of his beliefs that he should set his sights upon acquiring external affirmations of self-expertise. It remains possible that I am wrong. A scholar must always be ready to admit this. None of my thoughts and opinions are sufficient to share my suspicions, which gives me an insight into not even the best way to get out. I’m also sorry to Mr. Treharne, who has been doing it so long he likes to joke , and the common fae no longer keeps themselves away when he comes, besides being hidden between us and some old, lumpen piece of furniture. In all the stories of exiled Folk, it isn’t as if any have been discovered in our midst. Which lends itself to the form of two