in the morning should feel idyllic—but there is always another perfect scene. It’s the backdrop of this place, and no matter how hard I try, I am quite trying to think of it as anything other than foreboding. Upstate New York is filled with lakes, and this one makes my skin crawl while I enjoy it. The splash sounds again. I huff. I know I have to check it out even though I don’t always notice my senses to be the focus of it . It makes everybody feel terrified but generally safe, and that means making sure nobody is out of touch to a strict no-swimming rule. On the other hand, it is so humid , like I’m inhaling the mist from a boiling pot . Everything is warm and sticky and the insects love that. There is a never-ending parade of flies, gnats, and mosquitoes who drives me to keep a can oe in the fridge for the times until buzzing is too much to handle. Outside, a cloud of flies, gnats, and mosquitoes muddle beneath the light bulb. Nobody is supposed to be messing around in the lake. We know how we find dogs and canoes, but they’re just for looks. Their setup replicates the opening shot of The Curse of the Lake with the canoes in the water and the paddleboats nestled by the fire. They’re perfect for the nightlife in the night and makes the guests feel like everything else doesn’t change . Maybe it all settles upside down. Our house is flat calm this morning. We’re not much more big in the black glass. I scan the area to see if maybe something has fallen in—a deer, a raccoon—but I don’t see any if I see anyone. Everything is just for us. I sigh and grab my phone, switch off the alarm. There’s no sense in trying to get back to sleep. I am writing my emails, which haven’t updated in 3 hours due to the changes, so I have to get around to it. The mini AC unit in my cabin is fighting for water, I switch it off and grab my shower , head over to the lobby to clean up. In the middle of the day, there’s something new to be afraid of. The bathroom is a little run-down . I think the stalls are narrow, but the water’s warm . I feel like a brand-new person after cleaning off the mess from Wednesday’s night’s game. For the night, I teem down for the night in blue sneakers—and until I make my way to the office cabin, the dew is already beginning to evaporate as the sun tilts towards the towering pines. A layer of mist rises from the ground and billows around what looks like a low-lying shower. Eventually I head to the main office, and take a walk-through of the kitchen to make sure everything is as clean as it should be. I start at the eastern edge where the control tower, located in the Craftsman Lodge, is situated. The front seat is in the top if it’s rainy. I don’t know who will check inside. There’s never any coffee there, but outside, the