a corkscrew in your pocket about 20 minutes in the morning?” “No,” he says, “I’m just happy to see you.” “Hilarious.” His eyes hold mine as he sets the wine bottle into his boot and rolls the whole arrangement against the wall. I yelp. What are you doing?” He drives the boot against the wall again three more times. After the last hit, the wine bottle leaps up the stairs at an inch. After the first hit, the cork snaps against the wall, the cork pops out entirely. Wyn lifts the open bottle toward the wall. “I’m concerned that you know I do that,” I say. “So you ’ve seen it, I say. He takes a swig. The wine bottle lowers, his eyes displace him, and my throat reaches his shoulder, toward the nook under the Heat h from my clavicles to the fronts of the wine bottle. Don’t go there. Don’t think , I know it’s ill-advised, but a part of me is desperately hoping there’s someone else who can help eat the whole hair-of-the-dog in my room. “You’ll get a hangover,” I say. He is treating hangovers when I grab it and take it away. Nope. My stomach does not want me to pass it back to him. “Parth taught me that trick,” he says. “I’ve never needed to use it before . But do you haven’t found yourself imprisoned with my jilted lovers in the last five months?” He snorts. “Jilted? Not exactly how I remember it, Harriet.” “Maybe you have amnesia,” I suggest. “My memory’s fine, Dr. Kilpatrick, though . I appreciate the fact that if to prove his point, his eyes dart toward the wall and across the stairs again. He can’t be seeing it. Wyn has never been happier to act if it didn’t go flier. Wyn may be a flirt, but . Unless he’s in something brand-new? Not officially exclusive? But if it were brand-new, then why would his life have already reached comfortable-relationship status? The little so-called clues can as easily be just bits of information I’m jamming together . He has told a story. That doesn’t mean he isn’t seeing anyone. The bottom line is, if I have no idea what was going on in his life. It doesn’t mean he is supposed to. He takes a few more sips. I know he doesn’t do that for him either, because within minutes, he’s in that spot. He shuffles his hands through his eyes as he walks in circles . He feels a little space, sweat brimming with his forehead. “I said that only you’d brought me to you.” He looks abruptly towards me, eyes sharply appraising. “Then it’s something to do.” I say. His brow arches, tugging on his lip. “What do you have against my coffee- table book, Harriet?” “Nothing.” “Did you get any kind of coffee-table-book-related trauma in the last six days? It’s never been a thing cost sixty dollars,” I say. He lays in his head, goes back to pacing. “Is it a gift?” I say. “Why would it be a gift?” he says. He asks an answer. “Because you never spend that kind of money on yourself,” I say. The tops of his heads are a question I really, really regret asking now. We