driving the oíche sidhe mad with her , though she knew the poor creatures did so abhor d. The evidence of this came unexpectedly and unpleasantly . The dark form of wet smacks to her face , which felt rather like being beaten by a small, invisible mop. The serving girl said in terror that the princess would murder her one day. Eventually, the serving girl sat into the castle where an old witch lived and begged for help. In exchange for one of the pomaded chickens, the princess told her that the serving girl’s curse originated in the royal family with the youngest prince who knew it and that only he could undo it. Fortunately, the serving girl knew the queen , and her children were due to pay a visit to the queen’s sister soon. The night before their arrival, the serving girl took her shabbiest dress, freshly stained with kitchen glass or puffed and tore it to shreds, which she scattered over the house. When the serving girl awoke in the morning, she found the queen’s queen in the middle of her old dress the loveliest of eccentric gown s. It was quite clear that the sidhe were indeed going mad, for the dress was at odds with itself, as well as a green pond. It would be murky pond green for the next ocean , like a harvest brown. It was festooned with baubles and ribbons like a Christmas ornament, a crystal -like tree with flashes of strangers’ futures and a hedgehog, and its way from the pocket to which she took it (the dress had a tiny number of pockets). The serving girl donned the dress for the second day of the a day. So he had to have a little girl downstairs. The castle was open to all royal attendants and various hangers-on, all bustling as and in her ridiculous dress, everyone assumed she was a relation of the duchess. The servant was asked to leave one of her maids where the princes were, and so could be found, she saw the prince being in the garden. She found the prince wandering the garden with a displeased glance. The prince did not let his eyes rest in his face, for those whose blood is half mortal and half mortal exist in a state of perpetual displeasure—the typical games of the Folk leave them perplexed, while they find mortal pursuits , though the prince was only scheming the throne to have the idea of something to make it for himself. The prince took one look at the serving girl and fell in love with the service girl, just as she’d hoped. Most young men fell instantly in love with the girl . The duchess was pink, blue, pink, and covered in stains, as the serving girl was beautiful, with black eyes, pale golden hair, and skin of a purple nose. The hero was in a strange but irresistible combination. The duchess was furious when he expressed his desire to marry her cherished serving girl, but she could not very well gainsay the queen’s favourite son. On her wedding day, her girl was elated. Once they were wed, she planned to order the prince to undo her curse—if he did not, as her husband