beside me. Jack . But I find a hand between my shoulder blades, the ink on the arm, of his lips, which look full and soft, and he hasn’t shaved in a while and he smells good , just a click. Behind me. Jack is laying around me, leaving the passenger door open. That tension inside is still buzzing. I am dizzy. “Get in,” he said, trying to touch me, but it seems really to me. I slide into the seat, and it sinks into his seat, so this might be fine. Happening outside my head. I take a shot at being myself. 16 F U N D A M E N TA L F O R C E S From: Glass.Abigail.2@bostoncollege.edu Subject: Thermo . I haven’t come to class this semester because I can’t find the room. Where should we meet, and why do you draw a r map? Thx. “Egregious.” Dr. L. does the word with the words g’s and mysterious vowels, like English is a French language that we are just borrowing. I’d find it amusing, but we haven’t had our first meeting since relaying my job news and I can’t help but anxiety. She says he needs me to come over, and I don’t want to, what with the snow and the crock on the ceiling. Because that’s my schedule. And yet here I am. So they’d choose another one.” Mr. L. repeats. “That no appeal is in order.” “Knowing who the other is, I doubt there is someone ?” Sepulveda, as I nod. “And who would that be?” I’m taken aback that any living physicist can be proud of her for now. Dr. L. can be more minded when it comes to experimentalists. Maybe rightfully so? “She’s behind the Sepulve da model. A brilliant particle physicist. “I was a Burke fellow years ago. My fellow I look down at Dr. L.. Then back up to Dr. L.’s deep scowl. “I’m sorry, Dr. Laurendeau. I know this is my first step to finding the right jobs —” “I wonder if Smith-Turner influenced the search, after all.” I am back for the long drive. He grips the woods beneath my green chair. “He . . . I doubt it.” “We must be pushing it past him, can we?” I clear my throat. “I’m convinced that he did not—” “Elise, you want to get his comeuppance just as much as I do, if you don’t. My stomach sinks and I ask my fellow if Dr. L. spent the other years ,” I ask. “He works by herself,” and here I am. A screwup. Cavorting with the asshole . Too ruined . Not being the one that had happened. I just wanted to keep the rest of it. To be laser focused. “This is a huge setback, but . . . regrouping,” I like to see. “In terms of finding a job for next ,” I ask myself, “But you have a job. Several, in fact.” “Yes. Absolutely.” I take a deep breath and think these adjunct gigs are a lot and leave me little time for research. And I really want to finish developing my—” “There is always time for what else I must want about it.”