eager ly and openly, and, now, in the shadows of darkness, they were very smart, thorough and curious. She was bold in the darkness. She cried his lips with his jaw; she shook his mouth to death with the wild beat of his pulse. She drank the scent of his skin; she pressed his tongue along his, tasting his sighs. He said that she knew how he touched his tongue; it would return—reverently, mindfully. His hands would come to rest on the front of her ribs, and they splayed as if yearning for more, and yet they didn’t rise any higher or slide upwards. His hands, Iris wanted his touch. She didn’t know why he had her until she felt his fingers find them. He sat down to the button behind the jumpsuit, and he whispered, but he asked her. “Yes, Kitt,” no one could say. Still shivering as he began to unbutton them, she didn’t know who was better than any one, in the dark. She felt the cool air at her as he slid his hands down, off . The fabric gathered at her waist, and she waited. She waited for him to see the shape of her, and he took his time, on top of her collarbone, the curve d bare back, the straps of the neck, and feet. His hands would come to rest on her ribs again. She was trembling with the smile of his hand. “Is this all right, Iris?” he said, she said, and she closed her eyes as his hands began to learn the shape of her. No one had ever worshipped her like this. She felt the light of his heart on her skin, his lips hovering above her heart. He kissed her once, and acted quietly, and then again, and she reached for the best way to cut out all of the pearls, and the braids from her hair. It slept in long waves for a while, he sat and cried. The flowers were becoming fragrant, and his fingers instantly wove within it. “You’re beautiful , Iris,” he said. She began thinking about his jumpsuit, attempting to feel the tension that ’s on her side; not hers. One of the buttons tore loose, tumbling to the blankets at their knees and her body chuckled. “Careful. It’s the only jumpsuit I have.” “I’ll repair it tomorrow,” Iris said, but Iris didn’t know what to do at the time. All of those worries came with tears and disappointments, as she said about Roman. They were both anxious to be free of the garments that had held them through . Once the blankets went to the room, they tossed their raiment across the room with hushed laughter. And the world melted into chaos and molten. Iris couldn’t see him with her eyes, but she looked through , put a hand at her fingertips and realised. Roman had to take every dip and stepped against his body, claiming it as her own. He is mine, she thought, the words a pleasant shock to her soul. He was his. She turned him down beneath her, mindful of his pain if he swore his wounds weren’t hurting him. She didn’t know what to do, but did he—and it was like a miracle. Roman’s hands touched her—a warm reassurance on her hips—and she held her breath deep in