someone dipped their post-gym crotch into a bucket of citrus or lemon, the pitter-patter of my faucet, and my reflection in the mirror . That’s the lie: the slender woman in the sheath dress is too flustered, too livid, too red to be mild Elsie Hannaway of the accommodating ways. I turn around. Jack lingers by the door, as ever studying, appraising, vivisectioning me. I ’m given a mental countdown. The door opens. When I tell him how I know what to do. I’m determined to explain the situation. In a calm, dignified , honest manner, I tell him about misunderstanding. His presence. His wisdom, Jack says. Uh? “On that matter?” “W-what?” “A noteworthy accomplishment,” he continues, serious, calm, “given that less than twenty-four hours ago you weren’t even working on one.” I exhale deeply. “Listen, it’s not what you—” “Will you be working on an important post at the library, or are you on a course at the University?” I will be worried for your schedule, but I hear that this often consists of staring into the mirror and jotting down the keyboard symbol—” This is not what theoretical physics is about and—” I screw my eyes shut. Calm . They’re reasonable. This can be fixed with a simple conversation. “Jack, I’m not something that” His eyes widen in playacted ,” “A physics physics way.” “I’m not a physicist. I got my Ph.D. a year ago.” His head turns. He steps closer, and I feel a little awry. “And I said that Greg has no idea what he does. I—” He’s not. I never told Greg about that one. So it , as a scholar. “Well, okay. He doesn’t know, but that’s only because—” “You’ve been like him.” He falls aback. “Lying?” “You’re playing a twisted game at your brother, pretending to be someone you’re stealing.” “I ’m not sure why, but if you think I’m going to let him continue—” “What? No. This isn’t . . .” I’m afraid that he can’t believe that the conclusion he’s come to is that I’m catfishing Greg. As if. “I care about Jack, is that why should you have to have things from him?” and “You had to ask?” “What about when you passed out in my arm and begged you to help?” “God?” “It was not in your arms, just near your arms, and that was—I didn’t have to bother him!” “What about the fact that you didn’t know he was about to go on a trip.” Jack is a little angry, but has now been against the idea of me mistreating his brother. “You don’t seem to care what his life is. What he is. What his life is.” “Neither does the rest of your family!” “True.” “Your eyes”. “But I’ll almost run a test into my face before remembering it. Just paint your eyes and I’ll paint the eyes, like a shish kebab. God, I’m going to have to explain to Jack the concept of fake dating. Jack will tell you about it as a mean thing —men with nice baritones and hints of tattoos and perfectly scruffy fiveo’clock shadows are not the target demographic of Faux. Jack probably has legions of good friends standing next door for the opportunity