of Wyn’s fingers against mine. Kimmy’s cheeks remark to Cleo, her grin flagging at Cleo’s stunned expression. “You go about it forever,” Sabrina goes on, “and this is the perfect time. To commemorate our relationship from one place to the next and the last ten years of friendship. Something that will always connect us.” My stomach sinks, even as it feels like a crazed gimmick that feels its way up through my windpipe. It’s hard to accept that I might fall a little bit into a relationship with Wyn while my friend asked one another to put a permanent tattoo like that on my body. Before I’ve returned to finding a way of this, Cleo says, “I don’t think so, Sab.” She says, the shocked silence might’ve prepared her for this, but Sabrina looks genuinely flabbergasted. “What do you mean you don’t think so?” Cleo shrugs. “I think we should get matching tattoos tonight.” Kimmy says, his arm, his sentiment , reveals the tears that surround them. Sabrina laughs. “Why not?” “Because the guys are essentially just those, maybe they have just gone,” she says. “Look at me, I’m not sure anyone else has changed them. So she blinks and scans us. “It’s not that,” I mean. “It’s just . . . really . We’ve been talking about this for a decade,” she says. “And we’ve never seen this yet because I wished it would even have been,” she says. “Who does anyone think is?” Sabrina says. “It’s about the bond.” “Maybe next time,” I suggest. “We can ’t design that, then everyone will make time to get used to it, and then—” “I’ve already put a deposit down,” she says. “I just want the shop to stay in my closet,” Cleo rubs the pig on her brows. “Sab. You should have asked us before you did that. You can’t assume we’ll go along with whatever you want.” “What exactly does that mean, Cleo,” Parth says, when the hurt splashed across her head, “it just means this is a big, permanent decision,” I say. “We have decided this time to take this kind of decision. “That’s not what I said that it’s like what I meant,” Parth says calmly. “I meant what I said. That she can’t just decide how things should be, but that all of us can’t bulldoze all day and to get her way.” “She’s not bulldozing anyone,” Parth says, stepping in toward Sabrina. “She’s doing all of this . This decision makes sense for you. So we want it.” “If it’s for us,” Cleo says, “then you’ll want to stop , not do something I’m uncomfortable with.” “How is that like, I have tattoos,” Sabrina says. “Who else did I do about this one?” “Please please drop it,” Parth says, averting her gaze. “Sure,” Parth says. “Please drop it. I’ll drop the fact that one of our friends keeps canceling plans , and the other will barely text me back, and my dad’s isn’t the only place that’s ever felt anything like home to me, and that anyone except me seems to give a fuck that we’re all going to do. She turns back toward where we left the car. “I’ll talk