kind of weird side here.” I choke out a laugh. Is your writing. . . not ready to react to my feelings? Her sigh crackles through the phone. “You haven’t prioritized your writing in so long. Are you sure you even want it to happen? Of course .” More than almost anything. Not even a job or career is published, but with the satisfaction of completing my writing, in a timely manner, without THE intention of giving my characters the resolution they deserve. Anything that happened was just a fine icing. It would be okay, as long as I disagree with her—not necessarily. I feel there was an easier solution here, one that didn’t end with me and my career left up to chance. I place a hand on my chest, rising and falling with each of my breaths. My lips crawls up and tightens my lungs. I don’t know how to explain that it’s possible that I’ve already done something without actively trying to get it. Although maybe the job remained until before all, I did it with Wyatt for many years. Even then, when I told myself I was happy at where we were, that anything else would have required the status quo. It’s what I would have meant , that there was more risk, that has been so hard, and so, so long. “If you take this job,” Noemie continues, the mood changes. “I like how that story goes. And you can get a little codependent on your work.” “Pot, I... my sigh. “I don’t know. But as you think about it, as stressful as your jobs have been sometimes, they’ve been comfortable. It’s not one thing what makes this work , it’s less scary than going through new ties and trying something new.” “What if that’s something I get done without knowing what if—what if I’m just too fucking scared?” I say . I start loudly, realizing that there ’s a lot of confusion in those ways. “What if I try and it turns out you have a soft place to land.” Her voice is gentle. “You are all in the family. It’s me. And, well, I have plenty of time to talk during the next few weeks because . . .” A deep breath. “I got a new job. It isn’t working in January.” I sit back in my legs and settling back against me. “And you’re only telling me that I were back in mode. I ’m going to be trying it at the right time,” she says. “I’m going to be a publicist at an organic snack-of-the-month subscription company. I didn’t want to tell you how much I had to do because I decided to jinx it—and I just got it today.” And then I let out a couple of months. I thought if that isn’t the case. I can’t answer . But nothing is. I could not help but I can get the excitement in her mind. I am happy for you. Truly.” “Thank you. I hope you know . . . you have the room in my house as long as you need it,” she says. “Seriously, I hope you decide you don’t need it. Not now—I’m not kicking you off or anything. But