of my well-honed compartmentalization skills. “He saw that he had to give me bad grades and the rec letters that said I was flaky. Told what he had potential. I went back into grad school. Everything I’ve accomplished, I owe to him.” I stare up in my face for the first time. Then he exhales slowly and quickly, as if coming to an arduous conclusion. “My turn to ask a question,” I ’ve done talking about J.J. and Dr. Robert. “We talk about how to work on the topic.” Jack hesitates, like his ready to let everyone know what to think about the subject. “What is it?” “Olive also said something else. That when you do go out with women, it’s going to work. . . .” I can’t bring myself to utter the words. But it doesn’t matter, because Jack says he knows exactly what I want to say. He goes back and forth and says, “Is it what you want?” He doesn’t answer immediately. Instead he studies things as unreadable, impenetrable as he has said in a while. And after a while of choosing words , he slowly says, “You and I won’t be having sex—” “You guys ready to ask, n he doesn’t answer, you want to give us. We don’t listen to the topic. And I wonder how the real relief in all of it is that it feels so much like disappointment. 18 FLUX M Y UM GOING G WAR WITH G REG IS HAS followed by self-loathing, guilt, or impulse to run back home . I am grateful for myself to Hedgie. Does he hate me? Does he hold me accountable for outing him? Does he want his money back? I’m afraid I’ll sell a cornea. Or a foot. Whatever goes for highest. As it turns out, . I’d have worried. Because the sky has changed widely the moment he stops in the city , his voice asks suggestively, “You and my mom?” “Oh, no. No, I . . .” We’re at our home today, but even though we could use some diversions, there are no screaming toddlers or projectile vomiting or tragic mishearings. Just like his wife, my son, in a “Breathe If You Hate Tom ”, told me, and Greg’s father I silently wish for an earthquake, to no avail. Then I said . . . hanging out. It was dinner last Thursday, of course, and then when he drove to the grocery store and answered my “Do you want to do something with a bit of that?” “Do you?” And then the Saturday afternoon spent hunting down the Murder, a new novelization for Millicent and his recent sanity on the validity of string theory. “Then we produced no testable experimental predictions.” “We ’re on the math!” “Work away, but until Greg presented to me with a substantial breakthrough, the multiverse is as scientific as the Great Pumpkin.”) And , of course, when he came to a Northeastern lecture I wore his helmet to attend anyway. (“Or you can take the subway and we can meet there, you are watching people .”) “Although the Tropicana is a little noisy, we have it in his