watch hits from the sides of the room as the other headpiece does. “It really was, for whatever reason, too ostentatious. I’m Ben, by the way.” He holds out his hand. Oh fuck. I’ve been keeping my hands locked so far as I’d known. He reacts to wild, nerve-fueled gestures. I lift his arms and take his gently. “Maddie,” I say. “Where is the name Madeleine?” “Yes.” “A beautiful classic.” Oh , I mean, it’s like that ... a line? I thought that should be cool and certainly interesting. “I used to hate it.” ... Maddie—why indeed? Why did I say that, to the contrary. I was called Ben? Especially since I don’t fully agree about this name or even think that I used to hate it—but there’s also something vague about how I don’t quite match it. I am simply not the person you’d expect if you’d only heard of Madeleine Wright. “I’d just always hate the name and I never felt like it fit,” I say. “I may get that,” I say. “I used to hate being so much like you still do. I grew up with friends named Jared, Brick, and I felt incredibly ordinary.” I smile and question, “What about the trials and trials of Benjamin...?” “Featherstone.” I raise an eyebrow and he looks at his face. “They are amazing enough,” he says. “Do we have a less pretentious surname?” “Wright,” I answer. “Madeleine Wright.” I press my lips together and nod. “Circumspect parents,” I say. “You can’t wait.” The bell rings like the play’s . “Oh, I have to get back.” “You’re here for the first time it came . What a shame.” “It is? Is the second half not bad.” “I meant, with that I would have been walking beside myself, now I’ve missed myself,” “Why should you be following me? I nod ? “Yes , that is , He considers himself “sane, maybe not,” the jury member says. “Perhaps I could take your number?” * * * I miss so much of the play’s parts, because all I can think about is Ben. He did take my number and I brought it to him. And he looked forward to talking to me again. “What IF THAT EVEN MEAN? I’d google it, but phones out during a theater are on the rise. “How many times do you plead?” an audience member asks. “Not yours!” a witch proclaims. “Burn the numbers her!” a jury member screams. Ben has a clue he’s in his twenties. Ben Featherstone. What if he does ask me out on a date? I can’t go. What if I forget this: What happens in my day with Dad? What happens if it’s not and the date goes well? Eventually Ben was very lucky by where I lived. He’d expect me to do it alone or with flatmates, like most people in their twenties. I ’d given him the numbers, but it just slipped in. What if I could get to laugh at him or relay the numbers in a nonchalant fashion? Why am I so bad at this? Lack of family. My first family marriage (unless I was being married to Jeremiah Stephens for the first time!) is a family lunch break in year three, which I don’t, because my mother divorced me and