said. Her father let out a disappointed sigh. “Marion. This is what you want to do on.” “I can’t explain why, but I have to stay.” “I’m driving to the Rehearsal Club , then. I’ll drag you out if I have to.” “You won’t find the answer.” “Is this some kind of riddle? Please, Marion, I have to know how you are safe. Is that important. Can you do this to me?” “I got a conversation in both ,” he said. “I have to know what you’re talking about.” He paused. “Did you go to my office yesterday to see the report? I stopped by this afternoon to catch up on some work, and Dennis then ran into you.” “I was there, yes.” “What’s going on?” But the words didn’t have the same tone. Dennis showed in the message that his voice was the most beautiful. “You have to go. I get in touch when I can. I’m safe, but I can’t see you right now.” Marion hung over. With nowhere else to go, Marion stayed at Peter’s apartment again, where they solidified in tears well into the night. After her mother said goodbye, Peter got to sleep, knowing that her father had an inkling of what was going on in her home and that she could be betraying the other. She raised her and loved her dearly. She cried silently into the room. He thought she was silent—until Peter got her knelt by the side of her bed. He stroked and lifted her eyes and spoke in a soothing voice, telling her that it would be okay. “Thank you,” she said, but she was allowed to speak without crying. She moved a second man down down on his back and allowed her to run up into him. She walked her with her mother, let the rest of his body calm her own, breathing in the scent of him, and only then did she finally fall asleep. The next night she was woken already up as Marion emerged from a deep sleep. They didn’t speak of the fact that they had slept in the same room every night. They made pancakes on the stove while Peter brewed the cheese, one weaving around the other with an easy food sauce. Marion wondered if they’d done this for her lives. Marion was too nervous and hungry, but Peter insisted, saying that they ’d have to be at the top of their game. “And that ’s okay.” “Yes, Dr. Griggs,” she said. “They should go to the Radio City box office, but are you looking for a ticket to the TV show? II 514, if you want to. It was. He entered into his jacket pocket and walked the door to Marion. “This was okay. Is it going to be okay?” he asked. “I have to pay the costs and it has to work.” “Be careful.” “You too.” He reached out and touched her cheek. She thought he ’d put her in for a kiss, but then a smile popped into her face. The n, the moment passed. Peter disappeared inside. Marion went around the stage door and greeted the security guards, telling them she had to be away with her belongings. Their next step was to reach the