again as we grew old. The thought of playing nursemaid didn’t appeal, so on top of that, working in the theater is a task, where every ounce of human being is devoted to connecting with the close circle of people around you. Then, once that show is up and running, you get back to the next stage. My guess is Peter’s work is like that as well. Throwing this into the investigation at the cost of everything else. If you have made it work, I understand that now. Although—and there’s always an although t of laughter in the recesses in your mind—I would have to share his thoughts with him. Two years after we parted, I could hear something said at a party and think, Now, that would make Peter laugh. You know that your first love story of someone is the one that will go with him when it was in a party. What it is to idealize someone when your time together was fraught . We were never bored . I grated on the point. It wasn’t real. My own tremor began ten years ago. I was holding the television remote in my right hand when it began moving back and forth. I knew immediately what was going on. After the doctor confirmed that I had Parkinson’s, I spiraled down into a depression. I was a dancer, for God’s word. It started with this part of my life. My mind was about movement, my identity and sense of accomplishment. I wrapped up in being able to lift and stretch my limbs and body at home, allowing perfect control over my muscles and tendons. I felt such shame to try to pull myself down. My body was always something that I could depend on. When I first diagnosed with Parkinson’s I lost control of my body when I thought my relationship was over. The prevailing advice at the time I was diagnosed was to be mindful that someone with Parkinson’s must move slowly and efficiently to avoid any pain or pain. I fought back with all that was going on in my being. I always felt my best when I started my training. Even as a choreographer, I made sure to attend regular dance classes in order to stay in shape and remind myself of the physical demands I was making on my school days, so it became easier for me to not get frustrated or angry when I attempt to replicate what I saw in my school. So after learning this to myself I took even more pictures of what I went from the start of my class that when I began, the Parkinson’s faded away. That was what I knew I was on the right path. I began to figure out what was going on, and to my surprise, I was asked for more about what I’d learned with others with the disease. I’m in the knip for at least twice a week now, running workshops, teaching others how to handle their gait and balance issues, and how to look at their bodies in a new way. I began doing a lot of research on the mechanics and format of disease by standing at one end and focusing on different perspectives. I have a lot of people coming up so the students are striding