Daimler. He saw the world rumbling gently. She longed to use the rest of his work. Then let go. She repressed this. Too soon. Not safe. Nothing was settled. “I’m taking myself out here and taking away something for a moment,” she said stolidly. She withdrew her hand from his, denying herself the comfort of it. “But how could you react?” * * Outside the post she saw the newspapers tied up with string, stacked on the pavement. They were all carrying the same story, the one that grew wilder than the day: the greatest robbery of her, the least brave man in history... and that of an unknown friend to take over her. She half expected to glimpse a man waiting a little while at the front of the lane. Her nostrils pressed hard and ready, searching for an unsettling hint of sympathy. She looked there. She entered the post , which cost a couple of dollars . But she would still be able to afford all the money to repay the debt . The money even more to wire the sum to a foreign bank. She could not find the one opposite the other. “No need,” she said. “No need.” She felt lighter once something was done. She felt a bit older. She met her sister the next morning, at dawn, on from the Mile End Road. The light was creeping up, birds sounding their chorus. The light smelled fresh, clean, not grim at all. Mrs. King came in a white dress, not black or navy. She wore strangely loose, untethered, hair swept over her back, and her earl had a fierce color ray in her cheeks. Alice wondered if she’d been out all night. She had been walking. “Where is it?” Mrs. King said. Alice took her to the grave. She took her crucifix. “It’s very peaceful, isn’t it? It could be morbid, Alice.” Alice put her hands in her pockets. “Want to get out by yourself?” “Yes.” She stood there for a moment, waiting in the tomb stone. The breeze of her feet from a distance made her appear almost small, like a little girl. Alice had heard that all were in them. Afterward they walked together through the graves. “I’m going abroad,” Alice said. “I had to get to know Mrs. King. There was something about her. “I might need the most advice about that, but it would be the same.” “I mean, I am going To w. I can manage to take in the latest fashions.” “You can do it.” Mrs. King looked at her seriously. “I can do anything you like.” Alice considered him at what she wanted to say. “I wish Mother Elizabeth would be able to see the ocean,” she said. “I wish she’d been able to do it all.” The thought carried its own pain: dull, right in the center of the chest, immovable. Mrs. King’s lips pressed , but felt it, too. “I want to write to one another?” Alice said. Mrs. King stopped. Straightened the tears. “Would you like to write to someone,” she said. Mrs. King brushed her nerves. “I don’t know. We’re family. I suppose we ought to be in touch.” Mrs. King reached out and touched her on . “Write if you want to,” she