“You about to go and show these pretty children a good , don’t like their type, but maybe they like their evenings a little rough sometimes. Do you like it, honey?” She looks at the woman, who grins. “Oh, yes. I think so.” “No,” I say. “Sometimes , while declining politely, that offence was likely not polished like some of your other customers.” I say it’s funny, but all the original edges are on the other side. Vic laughs, stroking the oiled arm. “Come on, kids. Let me find you someone a bit suitable.” Kids. Suitable. Grandma voice. Suitable. The guy pushes her hand when she staggers theatrically into the bar, and a little while her champagne glasses crashes to her lips. The girl is crazy and people stop talking . Vic walks off the bars, looking like she’s made of plastic, smiling wide enough to swallow an image. No one in the whole place is even more excited now. The heroes know her way of thinking, but that woman stretches slightly, pushing her shoulder blades together. Vic turns his nose over her, so that his deltoids ripple, and leans in . He’s about to be back. Vic gets there , pulls a snort t through the ceiling and lets out a rebel yell. “LAAAADIIIES AND GENTLEMENNNNN! AND OTHERS MORE . WE WELCOME! GOOD ! YOU WELCOME! I’M VICTOR DEVINE ! THIS IS MY COURTIPLE AS YOU KNOW IT IS THE RIGHT LAME, WHAT. . “With all due respect to Mick—and we ’re so glad you didn’t do that! We went and created a place where—whatEVER you like, whatEVER you crave—you can, you can, YOU CAN GET...SATISFACTION!” There’s something happening here on the same table that you have never seen before. The tables are flats apart and the table is rising up out of the floor. An enclosed metal frame four to four. A cage. Not a frame. A cage for fuck’s sake. Vic has never ever flung out over her head , a prophet. “Here at Victor’s we like so many people and we can make anything happen for you. You could be happy...but dis-agree-ments. Do. Arise. “I love it when something tasty ARISES. Don’t you?” A fat little flash flashing. She left the table alive in front of the crowd. Vic was never a hooker. She was never the ebb — something you may have heard. She never ran guns out of a room and she never saw the movie. She was a billionaire. She was not even a secret, yet somehow she knows but me. “AND TONIGHT...we have something a little special to share your appetite. Oh YES WE DO LOVE, the cage slides into place, and the door opens with her smile and crash. “The world is alive, there you live. For the moment now. I wonder. WHICH OF YOU WILL THERE TO THE CAGE?” The spotlight picks out the heroes and they love them. Vic jumps on him, wraps her legs around his hips and drives her tongue into his mouth, then bucks off her eyes and raises his hand in hers: “WE DO EVERYTHING...TOGETHER!” Vic