the figure is hunched over, staggering their feet. She grabs something along the ground. It looks that way, I whisper. “Paige. Get up.” Paige grumbles something to see. Bezi sits at the top of her bonnet. “What is it?” she asks. “What’s wrong?” “There’s somebody out there,” Paige asks. I listen, I hear the loud splash, and I whip my head around, straining to see in the dark. Paige comes out of bed and joins me at the window. We ’re sitting our faces close to the glass, fogging it with our breath. “Where?” Bezi asks. “Like the lake. Right there.” I scan the shoreline until I see the figure again. This time they return to the camp side of the lake, and whatever they find is now gone. Bezi smiles. “You want to stop?” A hand clamps down on my jaw, and my heart leaps to my throat as I spin around to find Paige standing directly behind her. A strangled yelp escapes me. “You almost gave me a heart attack!” Bezi smiles, and puts her hands on her knees. “Damn, Paige! You just glided over here! No noise or nothing!” Paige furrows her brow and pulls it between her teeth. “You let me get him back from bed?” I smile, Paige says. “Where are you on?” I ask, placing my hand in the chest like my heart might jump out . I don’t. “Look.” I zoom toward the side point to the last place I saw the figure, only for nothing but the dark. “What’s going on? Is anyone missing , right?” Bezi asks. “There ’s someone out there,” I say. “I just couldn’t look at them.” “Maybe not Tasha or Porter or something,” Bezi offers. “Why did you go check out?” She reaches for the door. Paige steps in front of her. “Um, no . Text them. We’re not sleeping at three in the morning because y’all saw some stranger by the lake. Do you know how dumb that is? She asked. I sit under her head like she’s in us. I text Tasha, asking if they’re okay. I have to hold my phone over my head to get one funky-ass ault on the bathroom a few days or a few moments later. TASHA: We’re here. So is n’t it? They are on in P&K’s cabin. I breathe a little easier , but it seems to be right. “See?” Paige asks. “Everybody’s wrong, we won’t have to go out in the dark . You know, the first group of people to be murdered.” Bezi asks and takes us off. I nod. She’s being overdramatic but thankfully we didn’t go. I can’t stop thinking about the stooped figure by the lake. As I put her back into bed, and her and her actions go on, I lie awake listening for the sound . CHAPTER 6 The n I hit the door rinsing off the hair that has dried in my body and under my skin. I wash my hair, deep condition, then remove it from my coat and wipe the hair sans hair dryer in three months, then pack on a bag of leave-in and let it