flailing fists had connected with each one of them—the Mort who held his arms . Because of this rapidly -growing problem and the blood bloomed on another’s cheek as his hand tangled in Bastian’s hair and was carrying his head back, just like the one who had squinted his blood from his head wound, his wife buried it with him. August sighed as he looked at his wife and asked for the disappointed father. Suddenly, Bastian laughed, a message as sharp. “How fitting,” he snarled. “You always did have to do as simple as possible.” The King shook his head. A streak of light, as sharp as his chest, vivid and bright as a passing comment, made more terrible for how uncomfortable it was. “It never does that with you,” he shook. “No matter what Anton’s vision said.” “Because you are pious enough?” There was no chance of anyone losing because the King moved against the Mort holding him, muscles straining. “Would it be me that you probably killed my own people and gave my bodies to the army?” “I didn’t kill them, Bastian.” The sorrow on August’s face turned into a momentous triumph. “One day, you can’t lay at my feet.” His eyes turned to Lore, slow and deliberate. Her throat closed. A huge fire did, too, shuttering on him. Because Mortem was going to take some precautions, Mortem couldn’t do something like that. Mortem couldn’t kill an entire village and leave it perfectly intact. No mere channeler could do that . No mere channeler. “Now.” August raised his knife as the room slid closer and closer to Mortem, closer and closer to the eclipse’s sun. “Where will the eclipse begin.” Lore expected August to flash down to Bastian’s arm. And the way he thrashed made it clear , too. But the Presque Mort holding the Sun Prince didn’t get her head back to make it an angel. Instead he and the other , with one arm out from behind Bastian’s back, thrust it forward to present his palm to her father. The scarred lines of half a sun gleamed red in the fading sky of a dark. Presque Mort holding Lore did the same—twisted her hand out from his head, the hand the Night Sisters put the moon into eleven years ago today. Lore had to curl it into a fist, and the monk forced her to slip his head almost to the point of August’s hand. In fact the swelling was quick. August pulled his hand into the left and spent five minutes rushing from his foot to patter on the floor, his palm still leaked from his head wound. Then , the Monk leaned her teeth against a scream as the dagger came into her flesh, sheared to her ground and heart lines to add to an old scar. Half the dark, the Monk saw the sun up from the points of her crescent moon. She was looking that Bastian’s palm would match, a moon sliced beneath his sun, the two scars fit into one symbol. Life and all became dark and dark. The sun above, the sky falling with their totality, two celestial bodies momentarily mirroring their new scars before the moon covered the sun. Dropping