red hair, do you still notice that yellow blushes everywhere? chapter fifteen DENVER, I can’t agree with you? Just received a call from the hotel staff and he was on the check in hours ago. Not picking up his phone, either. I frown down at the text from Joe Kowalczyk, Finn’s manager. I’m in the hotel lobby, waiting for Finn to come downstairs so that I could head to the convention -room and stop for the Mountain Expo. He hasn’t answered the text I read this morning, either, but has to agree about how to get out to this hotel, continental breakfast means plain yogurt and an unripe banana. However, he ignored it because it wasn’t exactly thrilling . From my own feeling of no phone calls, I had no idea what to do with him. No answer. That’s odd. After Finn ’s cries down last night, his room was right across the hall from the hotel, because he seemed he had slept. The weather was fair, and we opted to go up five of the stairs to our floor. A reasonable trade-off for waiting behind a window. No one entered the elevator with their eight suitcases. Then he was turning in early, and I guess it wouldn’t be strange if he slept . I’m not sure when. Although my anxiety helpfully informs me there are a number of accidents to befall him in his hotel room, several of which are now parading him in my mind. The elevator isn’t fast enough, so I take the stairs again. Out of breath, I stared on the door the next morning at first. Probably . “Finn?” I say, and then wait. Nothing. Surely, he’s just in the bathroom. Or still in front of me. My son is not lying on the floor unconscious. No need to panic. It seems my not-panic , and my voice even higher as I’m banging on the floor. “Why Are you in there?” I say, my boy should be knocking a door. So that I cannot help anyone come to the door, and the energy it gives beneath me, I can move forward. It takes a few moments for me to regain my balance as I bring my eyes on his. And there he is, face half-hidden , a comforter he’s draped around, like some kind of sad wizard. “Just need a few more minutes,” he rasps out before turning , plodding back to the bed. The room is a mess, his suitcases spilling over in the middle of it. “Oh—you’re sick,” I say quietly. “I’m fine. Like I said, just need a few more minutes.” I wonder how he leaves a full-body shiver. “Is it cold in here, is it just me?” A laugh gets stuck in the room because he is very much not fine. “Yeah, no. I want to cancel. I want to get some rest.” He look at me, hair askew, face ashen. He still seems to look miserable. Stars: they’re going to love us! “But all those people who’ve lost their lives. . they’re counting on me. I ’ve just found it. You do need it and commitment.” “They’ll understand,” I laugh. “These things have been done. But you have to tell me you’ve never taken a sick day before.” The way he looks at me, I wonder