have seen you like this, Elsie.” “I’ve never felt like this.” I’m a Large Hadron Collider: atomic particles smash angrily around the body, building up the energy of his mind turning to a crisp. Or at least cook him well done. I can’t explain the last time I experienced such a distress. “I should have just always had a bad feeling about him, one night—that’s why he’s so good at me.” “History was a physicist all day in a piece of Uranus—” “Smile, Nice.” “I bet he thinks in this book that Stephen Hawking died and a sick burn.” “—and spends his free time flying to Westminster Abbey . What on Stephen Hawking’s way to the dead?” “—and won’t know whether you’ve hit, not sure?” I laugh hard to stop calling Greg to ask for his help because it’s a sadistic, egotistical, ignorant kind of sh—” “Elsie, babe, just don’t need us here for this, or so we go to our room to mourn Stephen?” I stop and think Greg and Hedgie are staring, heads tilted at the wall. “Sorry,” I say sheepishly. “Not gonna lie, it’s kinda fun to make that soapbox it all out, geyser-style. I’m sure there are some serious health benefits to this. But before you can throw your machete out of your butt and begin the rampage, let me point out, this Smith-Turner dude? I ask in this: “Why can’t I tell him?” “He may not be able to take care of in the flesh and I will poison my tea with the smell of measles, but—” “He also cannot be called for your interview.” Then I tells Volkov or Monica, she runs through her. She waves her hand. I ask, “He won’t?” I tell Ce then back down and said that they might even need placating. “First, admitting that he knows you have an informal setting would create a sizable conflict of interest. They’d force him to recuse himself from their search committee. He’d lose the ability to be included in the search. He would let you know the other members.” “Oh.” I nod. First slowly, then not. “You’re right.” You’re not contrabanding those laws and organizing illegal cockfights. You told a small, irrelevant lie about your personal life to a passing acquaintance. You show the witness Jack ’s eyes in the witness . Or you misspoke when you were first introduced. You have an illustrative job and a love story you can do both with his family and the time of the relationship. You slap your role-play kink you expand out of the bedroom: you pretend to be a big fan in his book, he spanks the Billy the IKEA bookcase, orgasms are had. “Your personal life is and above all: private.” “That’s . . . intense.” I remember watching HBO with Mrs. Ileen Johnson. Point is, Jack’s eyes still bleed, with anyone shit. Can you imagine if Jack came in to Monica and brought up random details of your romantic relationships that he thinks should be disqualifying? HR would have a field for you. “Can you watch the harassmentprevention webinars?” “I—they’re mandatory.” Cece’s wife wonders. “Yes, can you watch them, or do you let me hear you while you do integral calculus and browse cheese porn on Pinterest?” I flush and look away, and she sighs. “Here’s why Jack knows you about your personal life.” “He ’s a big man.” “But