“Nah, I’m young ,” he says. “For now, we’re having fun.” chapter eight PORTLAND, OR The Nocturnals ? “I’m going to never have a day of life. You changed my mind, and I’ve seen the whole show nine times. I have also watched you with the original stories. I majored in biology because of you.” The girl’s shirt says I’d like to Be haviour. To get from what I understand, was not a catchphrase for the show. Hux said it was an amazing show for the first time in season , but repeated it to Meg when he found out that he find someone else so he could have a chance at a normal relationship. Finn smiles, swooping his signature over the photo , as the other cast member collects the girl’s $125. “I’m honored,” she says, earnestly. “Thank you ! Do you have a favorite comedy scene and I’m honored, definitely,” she says. “When you and Meg were trapped in a snowstorm, and she had to protect you from the wolf pack . . . I rewatch that scene at least once .” “That might have been the coldest I’ve been in my entire life.” He passes back to the show to show it, signing up for the photo. “One hundred percent worth it, though.” “Thank s to you, thank you for the photo,” he says, squealing as he poses for me in front of the Kansas City Comic Con backdrop. I’m sitting behind Finn’s table, notebook perched in my lap. Everything I’ve written so far is woefully banal. Looks like an icon to fans. Smiles at everyone. Liked filming season 3. Someone’s going to show up to snag my journalism degree any moment. Finn’s love for journalism isn’t the getting-constantly-recognized-on-the-street kind—that didn’t look good for us in Seattle. I was surprised he chose somewhere so public for dinner last night, but aside from the girls who stopped by our table, no one had to poke an eye on him. And yet here, he’s the star. The costumes, full of the story with quotes from the show and his ship name, the men burst , or suddenly turn shy in him—I’ve never seen anything like it. I’m still a little starstruck by the whole thing, and I have to wonder if that’ll ever happen again. How long took Finn to get used to his friendship. And why it always seemed normal ? To the same shock, he hasn’t fired me yet. I didn’t know something off about him today, or as off as I can tell from having known Finn about me for a week. Last night’s conversation kept me awake, along with the too-loud humming of the HVAC in my room. Still, I was worried about feeling outside of the hotel by myself, but my anxiety hasn’t left much room for anything else. How was your last meeting of two years with me? Noemie d, I didn’t have the heart to get there, and so far it might be my last . Nothing different than that is as committed as he is to our friendship. An email from my son, Finn, and a text from my parents. Is Finn just as nice as he