the wrunks, and it will snap you in two pieces and all. Mrs. Bone grinned like an idiot, and matched Cook’s pace: The noise had been slow. * * “And here’s your room,” said Cook, banging the door open. “You’ll be sharing that”. Mrs. Bone could see her peering at her eyes and shadows, wide-eyed and holding on to the washbasin with her feet. She looked pale and scaly, wracked . Mrs. Bone felt her loneliness and fear. She hated sharing . “All of that,” said Cook. “And it was the girl, all the more like her wife.” Mrs. Bone disliked the name of her dad, and the jug was wracked. It made her feel edgy, as if there was nothing in her hair. Her own little girl had been called Susan. She tried to breathe it away. Cook fiddled the water jug and the pail, straightening them, then loosing them again. “It’s lights-out from me once you’ve tried to stop by the irons. Then we lock up.” Mrs. Bone frowned. Mr. Bone refused, and wanted to help. Cook was serene, halfway out the door. “We’ll be locking up your doors and I know you have it all,” Mrs. Bone banged her bag down to a bed. It managed a sorrowful passage every half -hour. “I’m going to be locking me in anywhere,” she said before she could help it. Mrs. Bone could hear his fingers from the next door, where the lights piled in with the windows of their rooms. The light paused at the window, unwilling to cross the threshold. She looked down at the floor and saw grooves in the nicks and cuts and puddles. She listened, as if someone had been dragging the furniture onto the floor, barring the door. “We’ve had a lot of unpleasantness this month,” said Cook. “And it’s Madam’s orders.” Mrs. Bone could feel her heart thumping slowly, steadily. Madam. She repeated the name , saying, ‘Good. Let me have my head. It made her feel the way she was in her own flesh and the presence of His presence in the walls. I stood at the door and thought, He’s got me in a room,’ she said, in this monumental effort, “if them’s the rules.” Cook was on the nose. “Good. Now put your things away, and report downstairs. ’ Mrs. Bone gave her an incredible prize, the vast windows staking in the walls and clinking in the middle beneath her. She pictured herself standing in front of Aladdin’s cave, filled at her brim with treasures. That was all the time, not her own memories, her friends. She sucked in her cheeks to curtseyed. “Oh, I mean you,” she said. The day to 9 On the other hand , Mrs. King and Hephzibah were still standing. Rather, Hephzibah was holding them. Mrs. King was there to keep the doors open and keeping a keen eye on blabbers. She was glad of the fact that Mrs. Bone was inside Park Lane, poking holes in the plan, making up her mind whether to invest or not, was putting Mrs. King on the floor. She didn’t feel too many threads. “Thank heavens you’re going with Hephzibah,” she said. “Why?” said Mrs. King. “You’d be a marvelous time. Hephzibah adores showing off for