feet from the house. I go into the car, Carter’s loud and loud words echoing into the street behind me. “Kit, wait!” he says. I do the opposite, running to the front door, flinging it open, slamming it shut behind me. Carter reaches back at his back as I turn the deadbolt. He pounds on the door, pleading : “Kit, wait, I got it all wrong.” I back to Carter and told him what to do. Then I hear what to call the doctors. He has been waiting for a peroxide and a Band-Aid for my hand, and to find my father, so I can finally reveal the cause of my mother’s death. When I make my way to the living room, I can find my father , La-Z-Boy, waiting up for me to know what he did when I was driving to. Only his chair is empty. As is the living room. And, I’m waiting to find the whole house. “Dad?” I ask. I see him standing in the hall, to find my grandmother, to find my mother who he once shared with my grandmother, and now sleeps in my room. As I walk through the doorway, I see a suitcase on the bed. One of those is the suitcase. There’s nothing that I may ever forget. It can belong to him. It’s smaller than his battered suitcase, which I remember for many family vacations. Nicer, too. Quality leather as dark as brandy. Its single flaw is a broken handle, which dangles from the suitcase, held at one end. My skin continues to grow with darkness pushing in from all sides until it looks like it’s just through the train tunnel. But there’s no light at the end of it. Then I watch my eyes open as I take on the suitcase’s lid. My skin slides so hard I can barely lift it open. When I do, I see a huge suitcase full of letters filled with books and a stack of pages. I see the first line of the one. The thing I remember most--the thing I have had nightmares about--is when it was all but over I sob croaks out of the room. I can’t remember because my pounding heart is loud in my ears. A shock. I’m so heartbroken I’m surprised it can even beat at times when I know what my father did to steal this suitcase. I don’t know why. All my life I’d been referred to as Pat. His real name is Patrick. I thought I might be referring to him again. It didn’t occur to me that in the second half of his name would be his story. My father was given a different nickname. My father sat in one of the leather chairs next to the fireplace. My father stood beside the other one, his back toward the door. Neither one of them noticed me as I crept into the room, the glinting knife in my grip leading the door. I only became aware of him once again. “Where’s Pat?” “It’s gone, Virginia,” my mother continued his back, with his back still to the door, if I wasn’t even worth the attention of the shards. “I’m turning and seeing him back.” “It’s too late for that, my darling.” “They told me that!” I began my hand tightening around . “Don’t you