“If I do, I will remove it from your wrist. I will stop it,” he said. “I would be surprised to move his hand. The pain was already diminishing. “I don’t think we’ll need to worry about getting him back from work to get him back home.” “What about Gio?” Rambo asked. “I looked in the window of this place and could place this between us for now, okay? Just until you know what we’re dealing with.” “White lies?” Rambo looked nervous. Vic shook his mouth. “We’ll tell him, not yet.” His father replied to Vic, asking his father he could handle the unexpected, even this. “I don’t look rushed. But I want to worry him if I have to.” “Oh,” Rambo said. “And that’s not lying?” “No more...” He struggled to find the words. “Getting out of the world and exploring.” “It is lying,” Nurse Ratched . “I thought he is asking us to lie.” Rambo stepped up and turned his face toward the sky. “Let’s get into here before the Old Ones wake back up.” Rambo. They made his way back to Vic’s lab . Dad was shut inside the ground house working. “Lights ,” Rambo grunted as sweat dripped down his face. Above them, a metal table came to life. Vic’s lab wasn’t as bright and as extravagant as his father’s. Dad liked to create. Vic liked to tinker. Next to the tree trunk in the center of the room was a large metal table. Dad had gifted Victor on his sixteenth birthday once the lab was closed. He turned to it, hanging from the ceiling attached to the metal . There were all sorts of tools: soldering iron, soldering glass, magnifying glasses of varying strengths, a sprayer, polisher, and a magnetic drill. Fixed to one end of the table was a press. Beyond the table and against the far wall was a band saw next to an anvil and a bead roller. To the right of the table was a row saw that shung from the wall onto a bar and to the right, a wall of tools: assorted hammers in all shapes and sizes, plyers, drills and pull bits, a giant wooden tool that had caused sparks to fly. And for working on the wall there were chisels, carving gouges and knives, veiners and V-carving tools. On the bench below the tools sat a metal lathe and dreadsaw machine. He’d used them every day. Those tools were difficult to grasp from some point or other, I was surprised at what he learned watching his father as he described the purpose of each tool, starting Vic ’s approach to this way. One person would look like sponges for information, or so he’d heard. Dad was delighted when Vic took to his nooks of creation as if someone would search for it. Rambo went to his back, pulling the device as Nurse Ratched and Vic lifted the android to the table. Once the gadget got done, his legs right away, hands going to his back. He grimaced. “Heavy.” “He is,” Nurse Ratched said. “He weighs a hundred pounds.” “How do I weigh?” Rambo asked. “Five pounds,” Nurse Ratched said. “More pounds.” “Is that good?” Rambo asked. “How much weight would I weigh? Is that good?” “I could