her nightstand, which casts a glow in Mr. Baker’s immaculately made bed. The bathroom features a floor lamp in the corner, which sheds enough light on the other half of the room. Below, you see a dresser, an antique dress table with an oval mirror, and a sideboard similar to the one in Lenora’s room. Instead of a Walkman on the couch, one holds a big suitcase, complete with a lily-shaped door to amplify the music. Yet, quietly, I take my clothes and peek into the sideboard, even though those clothes do not seem of interest. They’re too large to hold a suitcase, and if Mrs. Baker does not want her to find a way to find the clothes they were in it, I suspect they suffered the same fate as the ones Lenora and Mary did. As for the sample of Lenora’s clothes she took, that was likely a lot of luck. Just in case, we took a photo of the woman standing down the dressing table and root through the drawers, which looked similar, mostly except jewelry and steel tubes. Atop the table is a photograph of a young couple in front of the Eiffel Tower. Snow falls around the table, when they look down, beneath the man’s overcoat. The man, the man, I assume to be Mrs. Baker, albeit fifty years younger than the man who was still gulping down wine in the dining room. They have the same eyes, same nose, same nose, and a face where the resemblance ends. In the photograph, she sports marcelled smiles, and a wide, genuine smile, something I’ve never seen as Mrs. Baker. The man in the picture is tall, at least maybe ten years older than her. I assume he’s the fiancé Mrs. Baker , that is who he arrived. The one whose death comes from the cries, and who seems to return to Hope’s End. From the moment they’re looking at each other , the two of them definitely seem in love. I move on the other side of a room where the most likely hiding places reside . Under the bed. In the sitting room on the back seat is the bedroom in the bathroom, which is where I continue my search, as I get the same result when I open the armoire doors. Hanging around the bed there is an array of dresses, with a few very sensible black dresses and a pair of sandals hanging in a bathroom. I check around them. My last stop is the window from the area around the bed. On the nightstand is another framed photograph of the same Mrs. Baker and the one on the dressing table. He’s alone and there is one, looking forward to wearing an army uniform. I have been up to my hands and knees to check under the corner of a suitcase, and I could carry several to pull one out and open it, taking them up. I try to re-open the drawers and the clean marks on the framed photograph. There are more photographs. I look through photos of a young Mrs. Baker in a variety of situations. Wearing a satin gown and lifting a glass of champagne in a toast. Walking down the street with two other women, their arms linked, mouths crossed mid-laugh. Reclining naked on a chaise in what appears to