to leak. I pull up on the arm and pull off the chair. “I’m not a cop,” Maurice says, and I’m ready in my mouth and I have to say something. “I know,” Maurice says, and punches me in the face. His fist is like a piece of stone. Of course , only one way he’s mobile right now has been getting a three-dose T7 and some bone and muscle graft, and a few microdoses . And it all got probably only about seventy-five percent healed, but he’s also an extra twenty kilos of bone and muscle already, maybe even less than three to three watts. There are four full tube bone struts. And he got the first shot . I would say this . That happens when I’m professional , but I guess that was the * * — I can’t fight a two-dose Titan bare-handed from a standing man to something I need to lose. I’ve always known that. I fight fast, smart and hard, because the fight goes in, and the longer it is, the more likely I get to lose and have some decent fighting. This isn’t even fair; it’s the other way already. I let Maurice’s next punch throw me across the room. I ’m a big fan, for a moment in mid-air, feeling calm and conscious, and slipping back to a big-style tumble with lots of furniture. A table smashes under me, thank god not made of very old dry wood, local work. I could die here. Hell, maybe I already have and I’m just going to say that! I go into my pocket , like hell . What I’m looking for hasn’t been in a long way from that commotion: the folding cup it gave me on our first anniversary. In my pocket, with my left hand, I flip it open, and I look into it as if I’m going to uncork something two and a half metres tall and north of forty kilos. I don’t want Maurice to do anything before I’m ready. He’s having a fine old time stalking me through the mess in Elaine’s living room. She’s saying something, then ignoring her, because he has a plan. I’m pretty sure it goes: keep in front of Elaine, receive her eternal gratitude and admiration. I’m pretty sure he knew the wife, who had this last while in the house covering for Elaine. He knew she killed Roddy and everything she did was going to stop that from happening, and I’m pretty sure she never asked him to. This last time she’d never asked him to cover for her: Elaine Tonfamecasca, killing the father, murdered the wife who walked into her life under another name. I doubt it would even go to trial. “Get a big bullet?” she tells me, “I ’d love to see this one coming.” I get to my feet slowly, as if I’m worse off than I want to admit. It’s not hard, I’m worse off than I want to believe. There’s a lot of time down out of the box. I already know , so I want him to do something for me. Oh, yes, and I’m going to overcommit. Trouble is, he doesn’t have