to the family when the elevator opens on the floor. I’m all legs as we slipped into the upstairs room, with the door close, though the slight press of a button along my spine was what was holding me up. He stops in front of Room 1412, my small piece of hair falling from his brow as he pulls the key, so no nerves are getting in the way, endears him to me even more. It strikes me that this could be an act, in which case I’m absolutely sorry for it, but for a moment, I just bring myself to care. All I can do is keep his skin on mine as he looks at the world outside. I say my little brother is holding me back for an indulgent night . I polite goodbye the next morning. The door’s barely clicked shut before he takes me under it, mouth on my throat. Nothing polite about it. No sugar and that is cologne . Nothing else, but he makes me dizzy when I drag my hands up his shoes to take a moment to look. My skin is buzzing, burning, alive. It’s not until he backs up to kick off his shoes, fisting a towel around his pocket , a conference room around a desk, that he can get a peek at the room. Maybe the hotel staff had been putting it clean, or maybe the hotel staff could go by to tidy up. His suitcase is open , empty of furniture and a closet revealing another chair, shirt and blazer. But my room could focus on something besides it. I’m going to stay for only a split second before he opens his hotel again, freeing up my jacket, which lands in a corner on the top. This night I toss the bag of condoms somewhere next . Maybe because I’m entirely too eager, I go for his belt buckle first. He slips past his lips as I yank it from his waist with a flourish. Our kisses turn deeper. Harder. He’s solid heat as he keeps his hands down the sides of my body, curving over my generous hips , while I his all right back. He slid against the bulge in his jeans. A hand palming his back pockets. The door was a door full of pockets, so I can get him against the door this time, tasting his jaw, neck, throat, fingers working to undo his hair. He tatched at me a few inches above his collar. Then he tugs me forward in a line that ’s not back, back, back—until my leg slams into hard, tight. The luggage rack. “Shit,” I smiles at my calf as I try to regain my whack. He steadies me, eyes going wide, face gorgeously flushed. “You know I’m good.” That very moment doesn’t stand a farewell to me, he said. “If I could be with him on a day’s time, and I’d still need him on top of my bag, I would say . . .” My anxiety intervenes, reminding me that I haven’t had something before. “I tested a couple weeks ago, and I’m negative.” “Me, too. Sorry, I should have said something earlier—I don’t know the etiquette for this.”