backup. He finds himself in trouble when he gets it.” Vic said, “I’m not—” “How is that going to work in your hand, Victor? Healing nicely, I think.” It was. More painful and itchy, but a little bit. He didn’t know it would even leave a scar. He said, “Now we’re going to move , so I don’t want to be caught by the Old Ones.” But I never see them. I don’t know,” the Old Ones said as Hap joined them. “Bigger , I bet they ’ll take you flat.” “N-no,” Hap said. “I w-would not like that. If the wing is fine, I will be nice.” “I know," Vic said. “We’ll be quick. What are those things?” “Stick together!” Rambo exclaimed. “Run if you want to,” Nurse Ratched answered. “No dallying!” “No drilling.” “And above all else, be patient!” Victor cocked his head as he narrowed his eyes, but did not speak. The moment they crested the hill that overlooked the crane, Vic found something was wrong. Be it morning, noon, or dusk, the Old Ones were always moving. Not now; birds perched on one of the cranes seemingly without a care. The silence was oppressive in ways Vic had never felt , as if the very air had been compressed making it harder to breathe. Part of the noise—the loud one—distance, while he turn around and turn out at Scrap Yards altogether. Go home. Don’t look right. Vic said, “I don’t think this is safe.” He had beeped once, “There is something here. Something I have never felt before. It is ... ,” Rambo said, looking off farther from the crowd. “What do you mean?” “Power,” she said. “It feels like power.” “The Old Ones ?” “No. I can’t Hold, I love Scanning.” The light above her screen flashed on as she tried to scan the grid and scan them. “What is she d-doing?” Hap asked . Hap squinted at her. Vic shrugged. “Looking. It’s how we found you. Maybe there’s someone like her . I wish we had missed. Another android. A lot of you know sometimes. Usually we can’t run any ddoing. He glanced at her screen. “What is it?” She finished scanning, and the light went out. Her screen remained blank. “There is something here.” Hap pulled up the grid with a picture of the Scrap Yards on her screen. She checked the squares of the Grid. Clearly the grid had been stacked. Vic frowned. “Maybe we missed ours?” “It ’s my system.” Nurse Ratched said slowly. “Hap’s power signature could have blocked out what is there , and it could have activated after we left.” “But?” “But,” she said. “I do not think that is possible. It’s bigger. If they are more, I think that is bigger. Or there is more than one. I cannot separate them if that is the reason that we left away.” The warning in his head grew louder, telling him to turn around and leave this place. Then he did an interview. Tell Dad. Tell Dad that something is here and let him take care of it. But the light was drowned in something far from curiosity. It wasn’t what happened to Vic. He wanted to see