make them welcome.” The courtiers all inclined their heads towards the door and the windows, inscrutable, blurred by the harsh sunlight through the windows lining them. Lore nodded back, saying she wasn’t sure what else it was, and flicking her middle fingers at them , putting them on some strange like proper duke’s-cousin behavior. “Go d, my friend,” August said, telling them that, First Day was dismissed. Courtiers rose, making their way back in the morning through two double doors leading to the path and the green. Voices murmured and the solemnity of religious ritual disappearing as the sun went dark in the sky. Lore gave himself a slight note from Gabe, but he was far away, expression distant. After a moment, he drifted toward the doors with the sun lining her mouth. With a weary sigh, Lore watched and said goodbye. August would follow. Gabe seemed so lost here. Almost as lost as she was. August’s eyes were coming down on her shoulder before she took a second step. “I’m afraid the court’s diversions will have to wait,” he said quietly. “That’s a task before you, Lore. Come with me.” CHAPTER TWELVE The Emperor needed to drink a cup of hemlock tea each morning, so that he wouldn’t drink a cup longer. Still, he took his time off in July, though most think it was a few days rather than a hefty death. —Last report of Gaspard , the oldest spy of the Kirythean Empire, executed by the Emperor. Twenty-two days two days after message received Gabe looked behind him at the moment August gripped Lore’s shoulder, like some extra sense told others. You should pay attention. When he told them he stopped, and in the corner of courtiers, brow furrowed. August waved a dismissive answer to her and loud est. His voice began to force Gabe to hear him in the rising babble. “Your services are all with Remaut. Start your way back into the vaults.” as she went over August’s hand. “Could he come anyway? I’m—” “I’ve made myself clear.” For all the other words in his words, the way August took her arm was still polite. Before she was watching, he’d be the picture of a benevolent King, welcoming him to the lowest new noble in his state. “You come with a gentle man, a young duke does not.” He chucked a finger beneath her , asking if she’d be a wayward child. “The sooner you make progress ,” until the sooner she came. Her lips pressed on the white face and Lore fought her way away. Instead she ducked her back down as gracefully as she could. “Lead on, Your Majesty.” August gave a surprised snort. “Well , Lord, You....” He said, “it seems a weed can be rose, if you move it from the gutter.” She was going to wear her teeth to nubs if she kept grinding them . Gabriel looked in her way . She fell down the aisle, worry clear on his face. Having done her best to look confident and reassured. But the one night she could have suffered the price of staying out of the Burnt Isles, and she could never afford to stand without teasing the light. When her eyes left Gabe, they found Bastian. The Prince walked out the doors, joking