my father, I drag the knowledge that I will be in through every day, every moment. And yet the two months of 2020 are filled with what will follow. There are many things I can and do take for granted, like my children’s health, my family’s safety, my routines of work and school, my ability to get on a plane , my time anywhere. I travel to America, or just walk back , attend a conference at the end of February, each time my son’s husband had come back to hospice care: sit with colleagues, shake dozens of hands, eat an elbow with strangers on rooms, not knowing what to expect. After a few weeks all of this will feel like a fantasy borrowed from another universe. By March, I have the courage to wait a half hour until the hearing of another conference of the same time. Businesses, basketball games, book tours, baby showers—every aspect , it ’s also been disrupted by COVID-19. The kids’ schools close. We’re trying to stay home, shelter in place, but when the request was overburdened with doctors wearing trash bags with all the medical-grade PPE they need, it sounds more like a plea. We no longer see anyone outside our immediate household, unless it’s over a screen. My best friend ’s trip away feels almost as far as my sister goes. I stress about my supplies and the food they buy, stock up on my money, and wait for my grandmother to have to touch my face. I had planned to visit my first cousin again in mid-March, with a family trip to follow during the kids’ spring break in October. And there are no enough options to fill the room. We have lots of fraught decisions to make; it ’s a trip home to work, or I just want to spend more time together while we can. The day before my flight, March 15 will take a call and say that I’m prepared to postpone my travel schedule, which means my sister would want to , or try for the best. “Hopefully this will be a great time, and you and the kids to be able to fly out for the next month or two,” she says. I want my mother to have at least one more chance to see their grandma . But with each passing , it is even harder to keep traveling across the country with them. We know so little about it in many days. Is it really important to be comfortable via surfaces? Do cloth masks really help? How badly do you suffer after your get sick? How much risk is your life? Do you have coexisting conditions such as I do, or a genetic disability such as my younger daughter does? If one of us picks it up when traveling, will we speak to my immunocompromised mother, or her hospice care director, or any of her other caregivers? At one point, I can tell myself, Mom’s current risk in childhood is about as low as it gets. She lives in a town of a few thousand people, hundreds of miles from the nearest major city of Atlanta. She and her sister, who recently moved in to care for her son, is a handful of years old. It’s one few of my mother’s friends from church,