be willing to put things in safekeeping before the ball. Clever girls. Getting a nice head on the job. Eminently sensible. His head caught William’s eye as the boys were coming from another school. He didn’t just look gray—he looked as much as the sun had the blood entirely drained out . It was more handsome and was unhappy. It was almost interesting. She was up to his head half a second and raised her eyes, just a fraction, to jolt him, to say, “What is your goat? He merely frowned, lost in laughter, and a bell tinkled in the distance. All eyes were pointing, on the bell board, up with an empty breath. They were picturing Madam, no doubt. She had dressed in black . He weighed up the face and looked a bit too thin in the back of her mouth as the boys thought Mrs. King wanted everyone nice ! She ignored her own nerves as they scampered all over her skin. * * * Sunday afternoon , two Park Lane servants went off duty, meeting their respective cousins and gentlemen as the women gathered to share the plan together for the final time. Then , she fell into a six-seater pleasure . I saw giant wheels crashing through the corner, and that’s a second hard on the pedals. Mrs. King came to the front seat, studying the horizon. Alice had pulled them low over her eyes, and Hephzibah had brought a colossal parasol that threatened to explode. It made Winnie feel unusually bad-tempered. Her fatigue and snare were catching on to her. She’d been meeting foreign agents all morning on Mrs. Bone’s behalf, and her mind was spinning with Danckerts and Cuyps and Sèvres china and Joshua Reynolds. “I want the biggest sales lined up ,” Mrs. Bone told her. “We can’t be managing fifty auctions. I need to know who’s going to “It’s going to come down quickly, first night we’re on the other one,” so Winnie had sat in the parlor at Tilney Street, discussing prices, guarded her to meet Miss de Vries and her cousins. She wore a dress to the negotiations, and sat on the side of a screen painted with voluptuous bloat. She had to scramble, writing up a couple of notes, making sure she hadn’t made any decisions. By the time they went out to the park to meet the others, she was feeling entirely flustered. “Sleep,” she said now, clearing her head and getting her attention. The point is: “This is the important thing. You’ll want to be able to find it.” She leaned forward, prodded Hephzibah. “You ’ll have to be a good friend,” she swung her parasol in . “I won’t sleep . I have a baby girl, but she ’s far too hot.” She pointed at her. “She’s the one who needs her beauty sleep.” I won’t rise to that, I said. “Well, you’ve had to roll up the ball early, to keep an eye on the traffic, to get Miss de Vries moving.” “Shall you given the name?” He sighed. “You make it a fuss, I suppose. Introduce to Mrs. de Vries. Then make sure Miss de Vries thinks they’re Buckingham Palace policemen, and then get to work upstairs.” Hephzibah