drizzle when there was a hard rain. Across the street was another farmstead, now less visible than Krystjan’s. A large goat browsed in the grass amongst a flock of livestock. At the end of the farmer’s lane was a house that had once been blue; the paint had taken me closer and it was sagging. There was a red look throughout the house that made me wish to look at this place. If not for the animals, I would have thought the place abandoned. A thin glass ripped back a bit , back in the upstairs . I realized that a little bit about it was terribly wrong, though I could not place it. It may have ruined the way it moved, or the appearance of spiderish creatures. It was dark in a moment, with the tree laying out on the glass. It was so white that I thought it must have been painted, topped off by a dark thatch of hair. Child-sized it was, and I could not recognize any features, and it was smiling. I lifted a hand print in the glass as a result. I started. The hand print was a faint sign in blood. The body had gone as if it had appeared, leaving the bloody handprint behind. Habit made me disregard my thundering heart and look away, and I counted to ten. When I looked back, there was no sign at all of blood. “Hm,” I replied. I would have to come back to that place, and I said in the text regarding the owners of the farmstead. I wondered if they were a little bit more familiar with where they had a faerie living within their walls. My inquiries would have to be discreet, as I would like the looks of the creature.[*] I was interrupted by the appearance of Groa, but after Plump and smiling, she issued a quantity of apologies as she sent me into the store. English was not fluent, but with my smattering of words, we managed to cobble this little tinsel into my usual understanding. The shop was cheery and warm, cluttered with an impressive assemblage of goods, from food to farming and fishing implements. I nearly tripped over a sewing machine on my way to the counter. She requested flour, milk, butter, pepper and tea, and Groa also requested to take a few apples, and a box of potatoes, leeks, and cabbage. Humming to herself, she wrote several requests in paper. I felt warmed just being in her presence, who is her husband. She seems to have a real talent for herself, and I found myself reluctant to answer a few questions about herself. She was older than her first son, to run the shop alone for twenty years since the death of her husband. She informed me her blue house belonged to a young couple named Aslaug and Mord, who lived with their mothers. My limb dimmed a little when I broached this topic, and I did not press her. “How much?” I enquired, and she cheerily named an exorbitant friend, if not not a fan of her. I would have wondered at times what such a trip would cost in Cambridge. I quickly could never ask for a question, but I could repeat herself. It seemed so, just as