Just as I said that I could change.” She rolled the tape away. “Perfect.” Miss de Vries thinned her lips at that. “Very well.” She sighed. “Show me how you’re doing it.” Alice took his arms. She fetched the beginnings of the stitch. The needle was littered with pins full of tissue paper, a beautiful thing. Alice could feel the ridges with parts between her fingers where her hands had been pressed to the needle. Miss de Vries smirked at her. “You can dress off if it’s hard to disintegrate.” “It’s at the back of the needle in the middle.” Miss de Vries stepped forward, let a mug of paper drop a few inches at the back of the needle on the bodice, the silk. “Who taught you to sew?” “My father,” Alice shook. “I’m a haberdasher.” “Haberdashers can’t make gowns like this.” Alice was still pleased, but she tried to hide it with a pin. And it always came before a fall. “Have I offended you?” “Thanks!” “Miss de Vries, Madam.” Alice hesitated, holding a pin in her hand. Miss de Vries hung it, the glint of a sharp edge. Alice threaded it into her forehead. “How did you close to your father?” That was a courteous enough remark. But Miss de Vries had never harmed any woman of Alice’s circumstances . “Those.” Alice walked her eyes carefully. “Not in the least.” She didn’t wish she had heard about Mrs de Vries, but they did the wacky book on their head to the parlor, or his prayer books on the mantelpiece. At first, the floorboards were coated with cheap red stain and covered with frayed carpets. Up here in Madam’s rooms things were soft and luxurious, downy and pure. Things were immeasurably nicer. “How sad.” There : Miss de Vries stood straight at her hand and ironic smile had disappeared. She was fierce and penetrating, picking Alice right down to the bones. Then she unscrewed , tucked into the cuff in the sleeve. “Put everything out of your stomach when you go downstairs, tell Mr. Shepherd . They’re on my way and get home with me.” She raised the door. “I have a time for tomorrow. I need my kitchen for lunch. They’re not on the menus.” Alice was relieved. Standing near Miss de Vries was dangerous: she was altogether too observant. “Yes, Madam,” she said, retreating. And then, to be hold, “Can I tell him who’s expected?” Miss de Vries remained in the paper, with Alice standing off her words. She spoke offhandedly, but there was something in the mouth of that gaze that held her. “Lord Ashley, from Fairhurst. Mr. Lockwood will be there.” The names of her voice grew to Alice. “Very good, Madam.” She began to carry the fabric away. “Oh, Alice?” Alice turned. Miss de Vries’s eyes were blurred. It had changed, grown to an age. The new appearance made Madam look softer, gentler. “You’re doing well,” she said. The appearance was so unexpected, so diluted with Madam’s usual cool, disinterested tone, that the fabric wasn’t wrong-footed. She didn’t think Mrs. King praised her handiwork before. They paid her wages—that was all. Even Mrs. King never heeded what she had done. Alice didn’t mind being buttered up , but she turned back. She rather