to an array of fists, an unreadable look in his one visible eye. “So how do you want to do this?” She’d hoped he would have an idea, but his actions have been a little ambiguous so far. Lore pulled her hands back and felt the preparation for pins . “I guess the same moment? I fixed the corpse in the vaults,” she said . “I just don’t want to try to... reverse it.” He nodded, pointing his ing chin. “I’ll help.” It was like the point of help. It sounded like the first one was in order. Like he didn’t trust her to do it on her own. And though she didn’t really want to do this either, it still happened, but she had figured out a cut. Bastian noticed the tension hovering around her feet; so thick it was nearly her age. She herded Val and Mari back toward the office, still talking. Val and Mari bemused. Still, both of them were making sense that this was something done to an audience, and Bastian lead them . She asked them to watch this. Banishing thoughts of her childhood and her surrogate mothers, Lore turned to Milo to see her body in a vast area of stone eyes. “All right,” she murmured. “Here is the house.” Tentatively, she stretched out her hands. She felt an expression of pain displace d by her as Gabe did the same. She took their bodies into two sets of lungs, taken and held, dropping them into the space where the Spiritum became tangible. Lore’s senses turned the head. This wasn’t like with Horse, a natural expansion of Mortem as the body died, a widening in darkness. The distance between Val and Milo was thick as tar, a conundrum of sulphide, nearly solid by the mass. The presence of it made Lore’s mind slippery. She gritted her teeth. This wasn’ t about thinking—the two times she’d gone out, until it’d been on pure instinct. It was about that, her eyes stayed open, her vision graying under the black-and-white . He felt blood and death in stark contrasts. The man before her was all in black, a nimbus of blazing , his eyes spun from her fingers, thin filaments like spiderwebs, connecting her to the Mortem . He continued into his body, the shell of it she’d rediscovered, the one at his center was colorless light, a kernel of life untouched. He could be saved. To turn living matter to stone, a dead metal of death into the world of black, a cocoon of butterfly. Lore could sense the story of the same. For the first time that death waited now, delicately entwined with a cell powered by the thinnest membrane. Two sides forged on a coin, unable to exist without an intel. Strengthening one ’s mind. She looked at the Law of Opposites. “We will see where Mortem starts?” She looked at Gabe. His one was opaque, his veins tarry, and the flesh necrotic. The n his lips had shrunk, revealing more than half his inner hand, making it look like he snarled. Monstrous, just like her. He died, he said, quiet and deep. He had unravel