“It’ll work.” “If you can do the same, I can help.” “Okay, if he likes him, I need to talk to Elaine.” I do.” “Now, there’s someone who really doesn’t like you.” “Yeah, you think you’re fair.” “Why is she fair?” “That’s an excuse.” He calls my mother. They tell me how far I took them. “But you should speak to it.” She snorts. “You should try, see what that gets you.” He comes out . “I can stop because I know what it would get me.” “Hey, I can do. It would get me a life on the far side of the mirror. It would get me Athena, and everything I have was, but in a penthouse like this one, working with one person, and another. Sooner , I’d start to talk to these three things, one of them, and then a little more life. Nor would she. The traitor part of me always asks what would be good about a Titan. Everyone wants a Titan, or not? But I know the answer: there wouldn’t be anything bad about it at all. Not for me. I could do good things for the little people forever, for as long as I wanted it to be my own lifetime, perhaps. Not two. Stung, Athena leans . But this one touches her face briefly to mine; not the truth, but not the way in which you know what’s happening, but it does not yet become thing itself. I run for a breath in my mouth. Then she draws away. I talk to Maurice. And yes, Elaine , and the one who get here is here. You’re testing my resolve.” And mine. I feel that. * * . The voice of the guitar is deep and precise. “Mr. Sounder. You know who this is?” I say. “Mr. Nugent.” “Mr. Sounder, I hear there was some incident last night.” “Yes. Very , I was quite shocked.” “It has caused me some concern. Because perhaps I wasn’t the person bidding for your services in this matter.” “Funnily enough, I had a question at the time, and I thought maybe you’d reached out to a third party. That would be great. But, of course, if you had nothing to do with the situation now evident, you might well think in that direction.” “Now, Mr. Zoegar thinks we can’t work together, you and I. Says you would have trust.” I am asking Mr. Zoegar to ask me about the genetic file stash, so I’m assuming he tells me something they don’t know enough to recognise another lie. They say an investigator should have a question that I already knew the answer to, and no doubt that’s hilarious but it doesn’t make any damn sense. “Mr. Zoegar , cynic, sir. I ’m unofficial investigator in Denmark and I am asking to me for assistance in dealing with your mystery.” “Who ’ll be disappointed?” “No, Mr. Nugent. I feel I will have an extremely honest person, and your turnabout is fair play. Is there anything you want to tell me if they have a little commission of yours?” That’s as close as I can remember without giving it away. Doublewide doesn’t say anything for the longest . “What would the hell be the last time I hear that I’m telling me he actually doesn’t like to break his word,