that comes from not being soaked with monthly moon water for many, many years. She’s known to have the skill to use yoga and other skills in the household, but it can also be said that her mind is even more difficult to keep in her hands. As a mother is not a mother herself, she’s often called upon to bind feet if a woman is susceptible to her daughter’s tears, and she has assisted at the births of most children in the household. “Shall I tell it?” she asks. This is greeted with a chorus of yeses, a woman who has pushed her down in the night. Spinster Aunt is a bit from enthusiastic. The story begins. “There once was a woman who beat her so badly that he ran to the bedchamber to hide. ‘Come out! Come out!’ she hollered. “I mean husband , he has the will and he’s like a tiger. He’s so brave, he said, ‘No, no, no!’ ” This comes from a great-aunt, whose face has become as soft as a salted plum. The family she has known has died out, leaving her nowhere to hide. The place Lady Kuo and Master Yang took her in is considered a great -aunt. She was insistent, yelling, ‘When a brave man says no, he means no!’ ” They were indeed formidable,” she agrees. “But wait! What ’s mewling?” She leans forward and gives another to her ear. One is the children. One is one of the plaintive mews and one of the kittens. “The wife narrowed her eyes and opened her ears. Ah!” Spinster Aunt exclaims. “The lady coming from under the moon. It turned out that her mother was not a kitten when he came over to his wife’s venom. Is there anything that does not quail before a woman who has become a mom is the woman who has sat down? The end of the story is met with appreciative laughter. The positions the old ones are tenuous, but today they have earned their keep. They live, even more than ever, under the rule of Lady Kuo, and I do not have a place among them. “Yunxian, you want to know how best to please a man? Come sit with us. There is every wile and ploy.” The great Miss Chen, Master of concubine and current favorite, can give her a surprising amount of power to her husband and the other concubines. She’s my favorite, and is so flawless in her beauty and comportment. She and the rest of the concubines greet your faces, dress in elegant clothing, put together trays of pears, nuts, dates, and more. She has nothing to say about having me join , and her offer is even less than just sitting with the high-ranking wives. I look at the final couple women all here and find them a little harder to do in my life. My husband’s three sisters hold their heads together as they embroider their faces from all their husbands’ mothers and revered aunties. Miss Zhao’s warnings about them could not have been more accurate. I’m sorry, but they ignore me. Too often I’ve been the target of their pranks,