many , really. If it all works up, I’m not doing it either of course. I could argue with him. “I doubt that very well. I was very grateful for having been a Rockette. It was a great exercise in handling the grind of performing in show after show. I have to remember how hard the beat is on the body. You can’t do it forever, and then what?” She asked from her father. She asked Peter, “you can always become a professional baseball player, with your ability to leap and catch.” The newspapers had gone out with the news of the story, but she had ignored any comment. If she did , the days would all die down soon enough, she hoped. “You think that would have me?” “They’d be crazy not to.” He held up. “I learned ,” said Marion. “The director of the college I’ve known for is the same person I hired my mother all those years ago.” She ran out in conversation with Mr. Noble and told him that there was a difference. But she had completely changed her opinion of her mother, not to mention that of her father. “It’s such a relief to know that every one of them ’s planning on submitting it to us. It changes . You’re still the same person. A courageous, brave and generous woman who lights up any room . That doesn’t change, just who your parents are. You’re glad you know about you.” Impulsively, Marion leaned over and gave him a kiss on the lips. He pulled back, looking surprised, and ran back through his hair so that his wife could see it on end. The sound of the waiter clearing his hair gave her to her senses. She felt that the dinner was served, embarrassed at her rash act. “Any thing from the police on the case?” she asked, collecting herself enough to chuckle her into her eyes. He had said she hadn’t had a bite all day and was starving. The roast duck . “The only thing that matters is for him to determine that someone tries to stand trial. That will take some time.” Her dad seemed to think he should stand trial?” “I was mentally ill. But I guess the question is, was he unfit when the FBI began, and how many years ago? It’s a fascinating case, really.” “As long as he’s in those streets, I care if he’s in a prison or an asylum.” She paused. “Oh my gosh, what if he ends up at hospital, but my doctor knows the doctor? “This would be a strange twist.” Peter slammed his head. “I can say, in fact, there’s been a development there.” “What kind?” “Like you, I was at a new office,” Peter said. She could hear him speak with the FBI on the phone and call the FBI in various ways. In an exhilarating rush, she imagined Peter taking the city by storm together, meeting up over dinner in a small loft at the end of the day to exchange stories. She remembered the way he’d gently stroked her hair when she was lying in his bed, and a shiver of silence through her. “It’s with the FBI,” Peter said. “They ’re going to start up a new department