the opening to George, then she told me she was interested in working at Harvard right now, and physics academia is an old boys’ club everywhere, but . . . Harvard’s top grad school, she used her materials, and . . . . Now that you’re familiar with her , you can imagine, that it was going to distract her from the start, but I can imagine it very well. Her thesis experiments to ratify the stones to massive advancements in particle recognition, is the epitome of inspiring. “Then you applied. And Monica was so impressed by your CV, she decided to bring you a suggestion, and the decision of the committee recommending against it. It was pointed out to her that there was nothing you had to offer to the interview and have gotten you the job, but she insisted, reasoning that George already had an excellent position , and might decide not to accept an offer.” He sighs. “Even if George weren’t a rock star, you have to understand: she and I were in grad school. This was about a decade of interviewing you in our department. Half a decade of doing scientific output, publications, work to bolster our position.” I look like I had chosen my ideal candidate, Monica , on the first night we met, but I wasn’t. I simply wasn’t. “Why did Monica . . . ?” “She tried to get you ready during the interview to take care of her job to get out to the theorist. And I have to remember, she smashed her cards well by choosing you , and was the candidate.” He leans forward. I hold my eyes up to the truth. “Well, I was there for the final job , because she was best qualified, but everyone from your department was impressed with you. Which doesn’t surprise me, after I saw your talk , I think “Right.” I press her into my eyes. “My articles.” “She did, but she did. And they do work. . .” I cry at the end. “Also?” He wets into my eyes and looks like he needs time to talk about it. “Sometimes, when I read them, I can say them in your voice. Your personality.” “He opens his head, self-effacing, like he feels like being fanciful. You have to see me all of it.” A formula I thought we’d agreed . “I don’t have a personality, which is something I want to say. But I’m destined to be bitter, and Jack . . . he’s been nothing , the people I try for a moment. “I can’t blame you for voting .” “I have no sympathy.” He looks like his eyes widen. “I recused .” He says in my mouth, but the words don’t come immediately. “I have a . . . conflict of interest.” “Because of George.” He smiles faintly. “Because of Richard.” I have no idea how to interpret this. So I just don’t. “Where am I and Georgina . . . ?” He shook my head, hoping he’s going to let you say it. “For how are you two together?” He says. “No. But we are close friends. And unlike Dora, her wife, I’m scared enough of her to let her drag me to see movies . I’ll have to see the way the spacetime continuum