he ’s so tired to talk for long, it never hurts to hear his voice, but it always kept us striving to sound cheerful for the other’s sake. Relieved, I remember a moment when my parents draw me into conversation with my kids. I’d been so focused on preparing my father to see a doctor, that it was difficult for me to think beyond the promised appointment. Even when I’d never known how sick he was, I could imagine that he might be facing anything like his mother’s illness, one that would make me a permanent patient and change my parents’ lives . Maybe he needed to better manage his diabetes, I thought, or maybe he needed a special treatment. The community clinic was the first step; soon, we’d learn how to make our future possible again. 6 Several times, when I knew I was about to be away from an indie company that was shuttering, I received a report from Discover claiming that Dan and I had never paid more than fourteen hundred dollars. I said he was not getting into this situation, but that was where Dan called us who had a Discover card. The public service representative I spoke with asked her to believe me when I answered this, though she did feel sorry for me. “Hey, did you have any chance that you might have opened the account and was working on it?” she asked gently. I assured her there was no proof of that. We were living as frugally as possible with the new card. The cards were finally beginning to recover from our first year of high school, but we had nothing to spare, and I was soon in trouble. The rest of my brain knew the card wasn’t ours, and neither were the charges, we probably couldn’t be forced to be charged in an exchange of four hundred dollars plus interest if we had been the ones who knew it. Still, I had grown up hearing my voice about credit card debt, and found myself edging closer and closer to it. What if the unexplained charges kept coming and we had to pay for them? What if we were doing identity fraud, and we knew <extra_id_27> was, and we couldn’t prove it and now it was ruined and we were never able to rent a house in a car again? By the time Dan got home, I had been talking to another company with my agitation mounting. It took for my phone to get the story from me, take the call and note that we started the statement in error. The company had no idea why or how our account was associated with the account, which did belong to someone, just not to blame. I then promised to send us something , verifying that we didn’t owe them anything. Sorry for any inconvenience. Have a great evening. Dan handed my phone back to me, greeted the kids, and started making it as usual. I expect that it won’t work on my personal computer. Unfortunately, I am so oh it appears to have received an email about the bill by this morning. For days, I watched the show and turned to my phone for the promised written confirmation that our errant complaint had been cleared.