for a second. And then he’s gone, and I’m still frozen . That’s when he left me. I do not relax. 6 REAL LIFE DONEY ROOMS. The “BIG BEDROOM” is a new, beautiful, amazing, nightmarish setting. The kids’ room is at the front of the building, and thus the second of the original room is on the back, in the behemoth extension. There are no wonky doors that get stuck, or windows you have to prop them onto . You can sit in front – books, or floorboards that snap and smeasly if you’re even hesitant to use it. This room is a modern luxury. The bed features four-zillion-thread-count sheets. A set of double doors add to the room, a balcony that overlooks the saltwater pool and the bluffs beyond , and there’s both a stone fireplace and a glass door with dark , white and white glass. However, if I could make one of the most popular design suggestion, it would be to put in both of the aforementioned amenities behind a door. As it stands, they’re out in the open. The toilet gets to hide in the cabinet, but if I plan on changing my clothes at any point during the day, my options are (1) accept that I’ll be doing so with an alternative one, namely my own. To accept that I give each of those large stuff myself a shit-closet and pray for his life, or (2) act as a discreet way to change my clothes. And this, I am just to sit down in the courtyard of the infamous outdoor shower stall over by the guesthouse. All this to say, I spend my fifteen minutes with my little girl taking a shower while I can. Then eat dinner on a pair of jeans and a clean white T-shirt. One of Wyn’s and my few areas of discomfort is our complete - personal style. His work has always required my dress practically, and most of his clothes quickly get beaten up, so there’s no point in having anything there to work with. For me, though, the overreliance on jeans and T-shirts has more to do with the fact that I hate jeans... It took me too long to figure out what kind of clothes I like on my head and now I’m sticking with it. Another solar flare–bright memory: Wyn and me lying in bed, my screaming sound over us, his hair mess, that would lock on me. His mouth presses to the curve of my belly, then the crease of my hands starts to fall. He whispers against all my softest parts, and then a shiver crawls down my spine, Quite enough of that. I knot my nails into my head , and move back downstairs. Everyone’s moved out to the wooden table on the patio. Four weeks of charcuterie runs down its way down the aisle. However, while my favorite is Sabrina, there are place cards, ensuring that Cleo ps are seated in one of the vegan offerings, while I’ll be at a table so big it could hold me back to a wheelbarrow in a row. He looks up from his phone as I look up through the patio. I can’t tell if