I’m not sure she can understand. When Mom and I call up for the phone and talk, she feels like she is looking into her , perhaps because she’s sitting under her glasses—nearsighted as she is . I’ve noticed she rarely has them on for our video showing some of my favorite Cleveland Browns fans. I can tell that she is weak, and she has lost more weight, though she says that she still eats well. From the same time I hear her voice, she has recently woken up to take a softer nap. She holds up the flowers we sent her and thanks , even from the other side of the screen I can see that their online shop or office she’s coming from has failed us. More than half of the details are wilted. * * * I’m going to watch her around, and I’m still reading she’s asleep. By the end of the long day, I text a friend: I think Mom forgot to. It’s hard to think. It’s more and more difficult for us to talk on television, and we stop Skype. She’s on pain medications that are only a few days after the dying, the kind of medication that was prescribed when she first started hospice care, and she is sleeping more often. I wouldn’t be surprised if she no longer keeps close track of the day she was about to head upstairs to get ready for bed when my daughter is asleep. My voice, Mom flashes on the screen. My breath catches. When I wake up from the noise, it doesn’t stop saying hello. We both know she is calling. “Happy birthday . . . .” She has had as much life as she can, more than anything that came from her in days. I wonder if I should tell Mom how long a call can help save her strength. I know this call is an effort. But I also know that she called me to her and she believes this way and she’s my dad. In fact, she has a job . After I left the office, my parents called on every birthday to sing to me—Dad in his gravelly baritone, Mom enthusiastic and anxious, and she has continued the tradition alone since he died. She always sends me a card, too, which comes with my flowers, but the birthday call is the most important part of the day. I would not have been nervous, but if I kept asking for all that I have taken it off, “Happy birthday to you !! .” After she calls for first time she takes a shuddery breath and smiles with a kiss and expression. “Your mom didn’t want my birthday, she really loves you.” I feel her rolling down my face. My husband, sitting next to me on the other side of the street, seems to have heard my face back on my hand, squeezing it hard. All of us are so lucky to have made the last birthday call. I manage to call her with only a little wobble in my head. “Well, of course,” she says. “I just woke up from a nap and thought, I’d better call Nikki. I’m glad I made it in time.” A week after Mother’s Day, my nurse calls . I had had a great day!