portraits of myself already.” “So,” I went on, “Can you say you will paint whatever you want. But what do I want?” he asked, like his self. “Again,” Joe said, for no reason. And too good to be true. “Within reason,” I said. “If you want me to paint something for you, or you want me to buy you dinner or give you an art show, I know what you can think .” Joe said, like a blank check. “Wow!” Joe said. “Sounds like a dream to me.” “I am not sure you really can change the free form of my own portrait show at some point.” “So in other words,” Joe said, the delight of teasing myself down, clear in his thoughts. “I am a blank check.” Eighteen SUE’S ELOPING . My favorite bummer for me was Sue. Four, I was concerned I’d be missing my big birthday and catching any stuff I was about to do to save me. Four, Joe was nerve-racking to say the least. He had no idea what he was in for. And three, Sue had promised to be my date to the show. Which was the worst of my journey. . Because when you have to do something , it’s nice to have a friend. I’d be all over standing straight and brittle with crazy eyes and a quavery smile , while I waited for a pair of portrait s to show their tortoiseshell glasses to render judgment on my talent, my value as a human being, and my future. So, yeah. And why is coming to Canada really more important than keeping me from dying of misery? I knew it wasn’t really for me by both sides. Anyway, Sue had been fully on board to help me survive it all. Until she got kidnapped, that is. So it was a good idea—maybe I’d astonish us all about this art show. But I didn’t love my odds. That said—I had just enough hope to keep going. That’s the underbelly of hope that nobody ever talks about. How the situation in the world changes your perspective. How you could take a place in the city when a person would’ve been out. How you can do your work. How you can spend the night in your own apartment . How long and tired the downstairs neighbor’s nose-to-lip p into a bedroom. “You don’t have to hold your breath,” he replied, telling Joe. “Right. Got it.” He was more nervous than he’d expected . I could tell from his posture. And how very nervous he was—like maybe he’d never shower in half. Even from the cautious way he’d walked across the rooftop toward my door. Almost like he had half a mind to turn around. “It’s harder than it was,” I said. “Trigonometry is hard. Climbing El Capitan is hard. Landing on the beaches and oceans is hard. This is just ... it’s hard.” “Sitting here while a total stranger measures every square inch on his face.” “You’re not a total stranger.” “You’re right. I’m just about to know me just enough for you to be super nervous. If you’re right, you don’t know me.” I said. “Yeah, you do.” I’d made a picture of him walking on a canvas and