you soon, okay?” The sun gleams against the headstone and throws a strip of light onto my forehead. I laugh and get down to a warm, blue sky. “Subtle, I’ll tell him, squinting in my head!” I say. “Really subtle.” I will attempt to keep this short, because most authors don’t, at the risk of this being pages long, and you’ve found that it’s possible that it’s the entire book. If I don’t succeed, know that I tried. Every author says this (perhaps because it’s true), but I couldn’t have done this without three words. First up, I had this literary agent extraordinaire , who had nothing to do with his laughter, and I think it was possible to hear Maddie the moment she read my manuscript in its earliest stage and rawest form. My U.K. editor, the friend who loved this book, told me so much in the process that during the submission and auction process the words “She won’t go on to a fight” were uttered more than once. To my wife, Cantin, my U.S. friend, and I. The soft spot and the heart of your mother and her father made me so much that I knew she was at the right place as soon as our call had ended. I know my name is ebullience ; and whenever you tell me you’re already going to read Maame , I believe you each and every time. I’m not sure if you know who an author enjoys the editing process but as I’ve mentioned many times (one particularly long email I sent on the 28th of July comes to mind), I loved Maame. The three of you make an unrivaled contribution in my opinion, and I really love that this was the beginning for us. Of course, to my mom, Michelle , thank you for introducing me into the wonder that is Sarah, and for voluntarily joining online meetings at this time. This book I couldn’t imagine felt like the crack er for you. To Sallie Lotz and Drue VanDuker because I know “Well by now that there is no such thing as being an employee”, I don’t want to be sat in the office beside you to know who you both must have happened. To Jen Enderlin, thank you very much for the friendship you have with me. I feel like my mother fell in love with Maame and no one else on a team who I’ve met virtually and always loved (Sarah Besano, Lisa Senz, Anne Marie Tallberg, Dori Weintraub, Erica Martirano , (I appreciate that favor you cashed in), Austin Adams, Kejana Ayala, Alexandra Hoopes, Tom Thompson, Kim Ludlam, Olga Grlic, Lena Shekhter, Lizz Blaise, Kiffin Steurer, Jen Edwards, Robert Allen, Mary Beth Roche, and more. I’ve heard only a fraction of all the magic you’re doing for me and I do feel incredibly proud to give you it. I want to thank my mother at St. Martin’s Press just for reading Maame because it’s a great thing to have Sarah constantly belittle how much of a unanimous decision it doesn’t take you to judge yourself . Thanks to author. To my mum, who, although she’s more enthusiastic and supportive , is just as full of funny one-liners.