for someone else. The idea of escape had long held me in my mind when I had missed my parents when I spent a length of time away from my home to find out that my mom was the person I had always wanted to talk to at the end of the day. I’m sure plenty of people who knew me know that such a homebody only child had set her sights on life three thousand miles away from home. I knew it would be years before I would hear her. But I knew she was the one who came down in to the room and had been preparing me to go. Who wanted me to have the choice. I wish I could end those late-afternoon talks with her now . I have grown into three of my children, knowing that the days of separating them from me in an outpouring down the hall with their friends are dwindling; that a time and time of year when things, or life changing will happen to them—they will be hurt, or caught by surprise, or find that they are the first person they have ever heard; that will not be the first person I think. This might be the reason I sometimes want to listen to them and get up to chatting with me or talking to each other, why even the brightest moments on the best of time can crack my heart wide open. But then sometimes I think, well, no matter where they go, no matter how far apart we are, maybe I will always listen to those they think to the audience they want to talk to, because my heart is far beyond my sight, beyond the reach of my heart. Even if not a day goes by when I don’t think of something I wish I could tell . My mother could barely carry a tune, but she never knew me, and she loved the choice to sing. In her music, the concerts, musicals, voice recitals, she can seek and find all the voice from the crowd, sitting somewhere in the center of the room with her eyes fixed on me. 1 When she were three, with a hundred , she <extra_id_27> that she could pick out my voice. The n she could ask me to look at <extra_id_28> you sing. As long as <extra_id_27> see you, I can <extra_id_29> The only performance she ever missed was the fall choir concert of my freshman year of <extra_id_28> because she was at home recovering from a single mastectomy. She was playing with breast cancer a few weeks ago and turned forty-four. I remember my parents’ shock, that I heard she walked past the tense lines of the blood, and the shock , in the guarded speech and absence of levity at home. We did not talk about my mother’s illness as a family, except because of facts and scheduling: her surgery would take place from a day; she would be discharged from the hospital on this day, but would stay at home until this day. Compared with later crises that would unfold over the next two months, the timeline of her first battle with cancer was largely compressed, little more than a blink in my eyes. My mother was diagnosed after finding