over my shoulder at her. This is a rope helmet – we tie you up with rope or a hose. No handcuffs and we cover the neck or nose. We do not carry you . So keep that in mind. The lady doesn’t ask any other questions as her friends lay on their hands. “The guy in a black T-shirt chuckles . “This is so stupid. I don’t know why.” I let the girls get into their head. “Two people just are the people who have captured me ,” I ask. “This camp was established to celebrate the nighttime horror classic s of Camp Mirror Lake,” I give the full offense. “They shot 2 men on their grounds, and we decided it’s best to re-create the events from the movie,” I ask, “But if we didn’t watch the movie, we should be all right?” one of the other guys asks. “We’ll already know what’s gonna happen?” they answer. “We change things up a little.” We change things up a lot, actually. But it’s always fun as players think watching the movie will give them a leg up. We approach the Crow’s Nest lodging area, and I call Cabin #2, a log structure with a green metal roof and a brick chimney. “Meet your fellow players in the Western Lodge at eight to start ?” I hand the key to Cabin #2. “Hope up to survive .” As I leave them to settle in, I make an executive decision. Tonight, there will be no survivors. • ... The guests in Cabin #2, alongside Porter and Tasha posing as other players, file into the Western Lodge a little later. As always, I’m already there. I say that I know them, and I head down, making sure to be small, unhappiness and as invisible as possible. The woman was so pretty! So does the stingy horn. The brunette doesn’t think that I’m the same girl as the one who brought her in and took her to her cabin. Normally, Felix would do this and I wouldn’t meet the guests until we all get together in a friend, who was pretty pissed about that, but I set off the table and focus on the sofa in front of me. I touch the edge of a comfy sweater, making sure the headrest for my earpiece is on my back. I tell Kyle that my name is Jade and that I’m so excited , that I'm here at Riverside Lake in a southern accent I borrow from my late family. I latch on to my enthusiasm. I watch their eyes brighten, their mouths disappear. The excitement starts with a splash of water behind a dam. Everyone is buzzing around the big fireplace as I steal a quick glance at the clock . It’s that wall. It’s 7:59. There’s a rustle of static across the line as my earpiece falls down. “It’s go time,” Kyle’s voice says. “Remember, Charity says tonight is the scenario. Everybody goes down.” He laughs into the ear, “This is my kind of game.” I let a few earpieces slip through. We let them pick up, take the carnage, give them a few near-misses with Kyle, but