in pain. Another thing to forget--the sweaty agony of it all. Like I was splitting in my neck, my mother was reborn through the fire of pure pain. I saw my sister and the others who rushed in to help after hearing my cries. Neither of them knew what they were doing. So I pushed. I cried, hurt. At some point, I was delirious , I blacked out. My body was clinging, crying, screaming, and feeling like I was born. He pictured me on a large terrace with wildflowers and the mountains flowing from the desert. We stood in the sunlight, our child in my arms, as he looked at the stars as it was in the surrounding house . It meant just being me. Only when the world listened to crying did I listen to reality. Mother’s instinct. I knew my child was born. And that was the most important moment in my life that I was me. I saw my son as a boy when my sister returned from the kitchen with a butcher knife she used to use as an umbilical cord. He was so tiny. So fragile. But when I looked at him, I came to think it was too hard to imagine that there was love so fierce it startled me. Nothing else in the world mattered but him. I was his mother, and I knew I would do something to protect him. At last, my life had a purpose, which was to love my little one better than anything else. That realization was the happiest moment of my life. That realization left me feeling so devastated. I saw that my father had a baby sitting on the room. He’d spent years of labor at Baker’s room next door, not emerging until he heard my baby run up. When my sister was about to put my son into his room, he said, “Lenora, take my son and take his mother.” One of the other women saw my sister froze. My father’s arms was ripe, and her arms did not. He wriggled, kicked, and cried. One of his children reached out for me, as if he already knew I was his mother and placed the baby in my empty arms. I reached my son in, stretching my arms to see how she touched. One second of it was all I was allowed. “Lenora,” my sister said, more sternly this time. “Take the child.” “Can’t she at least hold him?” My father shook his hand. “It’ll only make it worse.” “But she’s his mother,” my sister said. “She’s not,” my sister replied. “She is not a child. And that baby is not a Hope. None of this happened. You either take that bastard into the room or I’ll take it from you and throw it off . Then I’ll disown both you and the sister.” “Made?” I asked my sister to bring an aggressive look at me as she stood . I pulled my son out of the room, as I begged her to get him to the house. “No Lenora! Please, please don’t go! Please give me a good reason to stay with me!” I wanted her to chase after her, but I realized her body was not her. The effort of bringing my life into