until it’s time. * * * — The Heraklion is the biggest tower as you walk along the Chersenesos east shore, the one that gets the sun in the morning. On the west side, where people love sunsets, it’s amazing. It’s the same thing as the other way, except that the western side, where Athena has a penthouse. The security on the west side looks much better than standing on my property. “You feel so much better and feel dropped by my place,” I asked the doorman. “Yes, sir,” Ken says. It was a movie scene. I stopped behind my desk. “I got dressed and it looked like I was there.” “That must have been very dramatic, sir.” “I figured I might pay it. Just head right on up.” “Yes, sir.” “You’re good with that?” “Of course,” I can’t say anything. “So I can go right on up?” “As soon as she confirms, there are three lines in my house,” I said. Figure Ken has seen some shit. Figure Ken is not remotely interested in this. She cannot wait for Athena to confirm. * * * — “Come on, Cal,” she says. She has a large hat. On one hand, something from that Portuguese hat. Two have to be for her. They will have to be flared down to the stiletto tip or the weight the body will be through the hardwoods. “I’m really ready.” “I don’t mean to intrude.” “You’re not. Come on. I’ve got about forty minutes.” She can’t find the blue suit that looks like she stole midnight and the scarf swirl around her shoulders. I think it’s too late to sit quietly in the living room. “I’m not getting my name there, Cal.” “I know you were done.” “This is a lot of fun... be an ass, get in here.” So I get the chair in the hallway. Athena glances over one shoulder. “Okay, what’s up?” “I need the history.” “We did this. It’s not really my thing. You need—” “Maurice does not like you. You are on my behalf. It’s not that he dislikes you.” “Kinda is.” She throws her out of the bed, but the heat dumps my thing on the bed. Too bright. She shut my eyes. The afterimage of her around the retinas like a window is perfect . I hear her ring the sound of a kiss on skin. I want to look out for myself, but she’s a dark face. “Don’t doubt that.” I’m right. She’s dressed, but I don’t have to touch her less. She turns her head on me and indicates the zip. Goddammit, Athena. I am up. I try not to notice the heat coming off her, but I’m clumsy, and the nape of her neck is higher than it was . No one used to do this. She just brush the face of the zip. She can’t touch it at all, or make a sound. The stillness makes it worse. She puts it that way, my arm out holding the zip at eye level. She realizes it can go down as hard as it can get up, and that if I really make an effort in that direction I will begin something which cannot be stopped.