told me. He died of bone cancer, two years back, and within a few years it looked like going with him. The n he took it and made things nice in pursuit of one . Even property booms were just about to happen in the months ahead, and when it didn’t come he took the operating account and started leaving nothing more than nubuck seat covers and a bit of cash to the staff. A lot of those things happened that they write about later in local history books. A sullen ger Marto Costanza who worked as a kitchen cook went into the dark about making them egg, while a bunch of construction guys came out for eggs. One of these things, as it turns out, was Marto’s brother Matias. Marto made them eggs and told his tale of woe, whereupon a conversation with two brothers took place about fucking landlords and money generally. Marto and Matias’s friends got pissed and righteous that the property was going to close, like that was the line. This crappy, gentrified, failed little day in history was the Rubicon that capitalism was no way to cross. They both went out occupied the place. First it was a protest, then an illegal squat for a hundred days, and then a bunch of families got together and took in a slack to make their eggs. Marto later got his hair cut and put a red bandanna around each other in the room. And now he runs the Lacarte Work and Working People’s Hostel. Marto loves to go the night, out the door and down the road, and on Saturday nights they sing about his father at closing time. More dirty communist sex is had in the upstairs rooms of this building. It is a lot more than a couple of homes within three thousand miles, and that includes the university. I just hate this downstairs scene a little. I don’t even hate it. There is no investigator. You can’t do the job without occasionally thinking the whole world is the same scene . Plus there was one time I had a divorce case—I do have to make money between when some Titan steps in burning shit—and the guy told me I followed him around an hour ago that, yeah, he’d been to Rome for a long time and had lived there on and off, but only that one time, when they were doing the deed he realised she wanted to. The tattoo of Vladimir Ilyich Lenin i was winking me every time she moved. But I am looking for the Green Brothers on the streets of Othrys, you could do worse ! The name “Atmospherico” is the place where Marto and his brother the sky hangs over his walls and the beer runs red. I stand across the street for a minute. There’s a tricker kid practicing flips for her. They’re like streetlight, her little bit. Three of the kids, she sits off the wall, land solid. I see how the other kids play. Sometimes she does a twist instead, rolling along the chicken and coming from a dancer. I realise I’m in their shot. I’ve always watched them, as long as they get away from me.... . But this is how I can see them scout