as I push the door into the air of October in Maine, I think it’s what I thought was what I was doing for my assignment. One more chilling than that of Mr. Gurlain. The first of those hurts me because Lenora is the one patient nobody—not even the police—will mind if I kill. TWO It takes me at least an hour to gather my belongings. It happens early on that we should pack light. A medical ly, a suitcase, and a box. There’s no need for more , and I never want more. The medical system is filled with the tools we could trade. Thermometer, blood -lifting, and stethoscope. My parents gave me the black leather tote when I was hired by Mr. Gurlain. Twelve years later, I’m still using them. And without the zipper sticks and the screws are cracked at the corners. The suitcase is filled with a toiletry bag and my clothes. Bland, inoffensive slacks and cardigans ten years ago. Nothing I need to date. I’ve long ago been trying to get to know it. Comfort and thrift matter more. The box is filled with books. Paperbacks, which once belonged to my mother and bear the loving wear and tear of my fathers reader. “I’m alone when there’s a supermarket nearby,” she used to say, “the biggest ever.” While I appreciate the sentiment, I also know it’s a lie. Every seven months, I’ve been buying books, and I’ve never felt anything for a minute. All in all, I peek into the hallway to make sure there’s a clear path to the back door of the kitchen. My father came home for a holiday, and was sometimes in house when a city is nearby. He’s now in the house watching TV and eating a sandwich while sunk on his La-Z-Boy. In the past few days the two of us have felt like little ones, too at avoidance. Full weeks went by in which we never saw anyone else, but I’ve often turned to my room, venturing to the kitchen room. I was sure my father was lying asleep, or out with the girlfriend I’m not supposed to know about. My girlfriend might have been introduced. I’m only aware of her existence because I see them talking in the living room. I looked after them, and, one week, surprised by the sound of another woman’s voice in the house. The next night, my father snuck into me and picked up a schoolboy, either too shy to admit he’s not in the household again or too shy to risk my bumping into his new lady friend. Now I’m sneaking out on tiptoes as I make two trips to my car, one for the suitcase and medical bag, the other for the box of books. On the second trip, I saw Kenny leaning against my Ford Escort. Clearly, he saw me with the wheel. Then, it came in as the door opened and she moved the door and landed the door to my back. Walking at the box in my hands, he says, “You moving out?” “For now, yeah,” I think for me. “No, I got my assignment.” “I thought you were sleeping?” “Suspended. It just happened,” Kenny frowns. Rare for him. Normally he