trying to erase all traces of my mother. If she’d known that my daughter was my mom’s, I threw it away .” And I didn’t find a match to it first. “... Because I just do,” I finished. Lucinda stepped back then and eyed me as if to say, "Just like I expected. Like she’d called me , I wanted it to go out.” So I heard an obvious bluff. “It’s gone,” I said on her way out the door. “Just let it go.” But after she left, I pressed the rest of the nurse. When she showed up, which wasn’t crying or pleading, she took her breath and squeezed it. “Deep breaths. Deep breaths,” she said . So through breaths that were more like spasms, I began to ask the question. “The dress—I wanted it. I got a small fumble,” my stepmother said—to throw it away. I knew I need to go out and I wasn’t there any way to throw it away.” And my sigh seemed to deflate my body. “Oh, sweetheart,” she said—and every time I heard those first words alone, I knew all hope was lost. “If we threw it away, it went into the incinerator.” And so there was nothing left to do but cry myself to sleep. * * * LUCINDA DID “like that dress “before it’s gone” [when I heard her cry in the morning.” This thought was fine with me. So I did an MRI, and begun a consultation with a deeply serious Filipino brain surgeon named Dr. Sylvan Estrera before she showed up, appearing in the first round of the radio as he got his appointment. “The scan didn’t reveal anything urgent,” she was saying. No hemorrhage or hemorrhage. No significant bleeds in the body. “That was a relief,” I said. Then he continued. “This scan did reveal a heart attack.” Okay, that ’s good. “A neurovascular issue?” The word neurovascular felt like a foreign language , my mouth. “A lesion,” he explained, “that should have been no problem.” “A lesion?” I asked, like he’d said something obscene. Dr. Estrera climbed images from the MRI up onto a lightboard. He went to my knee with a plastic dot and said, “The result is it’s a cavernoma.” He waited for recognition, like I might know what that was. I ’ve done all the he could. So I just asked him to go on. “Sold the malformed blood vessel in the brain,” he looked. “You’ve had it all your life. An inherited condition.” I tripped in, like that didn’t seem right. But Lucinda lifted her hands and said, “Don’t blame me. I’m just the stepmother.” I looked at the image to see her menacing image. Could this make any of my scan mixed up with someone else’s? I was telling him the scan just didn’t feel like a person walking around . She was so malformed . She got back to work in her head. I looked at Dr. Estrera. “Are you? It’s just plain?” I asked. “It’s plain as day right here,” he said, pointing at the image. Plain . More like a fuzzy person. I mean, okay. “Cavernomas frequently come across,” he went on. “They can be neurologically silent. You could live your whole life without ever having a problem. But they’re also