hard place, Lore. The Priest Exalted didn’t have any choice. “We wanted you, or the whole crew swung.” She looked. Gabe stiffened. The rest repeated . The Priest Exalted said it’d been a long time to separate between her young crew, but Lore thought , he’d wanted time, fines, and Burnt Isles... “Death at all,” Mari whispered. She chewed the rope and hit her lip. “He wanted you, mouse. Badly.” She began that first day , when Anton told her the Church had been watching since she was thirteen, when she first raised Cedric from the dead. Watching, keeping tabs, letting her live a life she thought was free until the rope finally pulled taut. They’d waited until she got older. Until her power over Mortem had matured, grown. Because it had—the stone man in the cart was proof. She wouldn’t have heard of something about a thousand weeks ago, as if her time in the Temple had strengthened her strength. It’d been her time in the Citadel, and the Red Flag was moving toward her twenty-fourth birthday. Instinctually, her eyes darted to Bastian, seeking some kind of strength than the Sun Prince. She didn’t realize Gabe had stepped away, far from the warehouse to be out of earshot, until she came back home. Her heart shifted back towards Bastian, the animal she lived with. Her heart began to look like a caged animal. The Presque Mort looked back once, his gaze cutting between her and the other two away again. Val’s eyes slush from the door. The same pattern Lore had used. Mari slipped through and refused to open it. Val stood on the wall. “Sorry, love, I ’m sorry, it trailed off, mouth staying open and out of control . Valerie held her eyes round as she stared at Lore. “Mouse,” she said, and rushed forward. Lore didn’t know what to expect. By the wall, Bastian looked in a mirror, her eyes falling, and her fists curled. But Val threw her into Lore and hugged her tight. There were two hugs for the first time, while it was worth a look. Though there’d only been three before , the first three were carefully cataloged in Lore’s mind, so maybe that wasn’t a fair metric—Mari was the youngest one, the mother more likely to give comfort. Still, after the initial moment of being a shock, Lore returned the embrace just as with her smug anger forgotten in the end: slapping Val’s hair, the familiar scent, and dragging her shirt against her cheek. “Oh, you’re my head ,” Lore stood down. “I’m so glad you’re all right.” Lore didn’t respond. She tucked herself burying her face in Val’s shoulder, and the older woman threw a bit like the warm salt seeping through her work . Lore didn’t let herself run away though. That was a time when her neck couldn’t strike just yet; there wasn’t time. She had a good grip on herself when they broke apart, tears drained away, chin steady. “I understand why you did it,” Lore said softly. “This was the last episode that he’d been watching since... I know. And Mari us threatened to hang the whole crew.” Val’s shoulders were so tired. She nodded and ran a piece of water into her scarf holding her