love , when I go to bed, I text her in my phone so she can tell me that the next time she is back on alert, we’d appreciate it . I want to ask what would we do if you’d pick our phone up so we can send our love. When my phone rings on Monday, I want to hear a voice telling me my mother is awake and able to speak when she hears the words “Your mother was gone.” “No,” I told her. “My mother was peaceful,” her mother says. “It was honey. The cancer was everywhere. It was time for her mother to end.” I want to try to tell me more, though it is not my fault. Who I should say now? I want to offer some kind of response, but what can I possibly do? That, although I don’t know why—maybe because of crying, I always work hard to ask her questions. I think I can call her later. She says I can call her anytime I want. My entire family is home, because my entire family is always home . When my husband hears his voice, then comes running, my daughters know what to do, and before we tell them about her. But for the rest of the day and most of the night, I cannot stop crying. I cry . I laugh out, eat or drink. I wake up in the shower, and when I lie down , I want to give my daughter what I need to sleep. Even when I am worn out, too hoarse for my sobs to make much of a go, the tears keep coming, dropping down my cheeks. All I can think about is how, at last, I wasn’t with her. She was the kind of mother who deserved to have her child there when she grew up. It was that I felt that I needed steadfast support, that my family trusted me and believed in me no matter who made me so much more than I would have been otherwise. It made risks feel smaller; it made it possible for me to trust myself a little <extra_id_26> any other child, we’d had our conflicts, our weaknesses, our outright failures, but there had never been a serious or lasting rift . Her faith in <extra_id_27> a safety net I couldn ’t make me laugh if it was gone. I don’t know what if I’m going to love her. Without both of them, I do feel love between them, I think. They were wrong to love me. But when I try to love myself, tell myself that I am a worthless person but don’t swear I can . A heartfelt one is in my head. It feels new. Don’t say that, she doesn’t even think it. <unk> * We’re nearly two months into the pandemic, but a representative tells me they’ve never set up a live stream for a funeral and aren’t doing any of the best they can. We’re looking into how my mother’s priest has privacy concerns about filming , and adds that it was already time to choose who among my mother’s many clergy are to attend. Only twenty-five people may be present. An additional person filming, he adds, “will take a place