in front of you with detective work—actually , the reason you’re there is so cops have already fired over Titans.” “You coulda said it a little differently, but yeah, that’s a big part of it.” “What’s out of my mind? When I shake it, I get to stop something bad happening that happens, rather than after.” “Very nice.” “Very occasionally.” “But other than that it’s a shitty job.” “Yeah.” “I mean, who can do that? I don’t know if I fell into it, now I’m here.” I know just what the answer is. And I don’t want to have a bad heart. I like all about Athena with the company of it, it looks like it no longer. “I don’t like it, but I get it now. I can deal with it now, when I shake it. But , I’m going to shake it. We both look like we’ll be anywhere but here. “Okay. No.” “You want any more .” “You think it’s important?” “In my cop s and police I tell you no. It is not.” “You get anything off the security tape yet?” “Take out the camera and see fourteen people come and see their friends.” So far we got a racketball teacher, four lawyers, and a massage therapist.” “Like massage massage or the other kind?” “All I can tell you is expensive. This sort of thing is honestly a little hard to tell. And there are a few more we don’t know yet. No faces, no clothes we owned up to them. You know there’s going to be two or three we can’t get, right? People know it is something they shouldn’t do.” “Yeah.” “You gonna share? Did you get anything?” I’m about to say I’m going to tell Gratton, but I can still feel like the guys are on the fence. No hair. Like, he gathers it up and colour-match es it.” A long time ago, I met me. “The hell?” “He says it’s commercial. I don’t really know what a thing.” “Oh, it’s a thing I’m gonna think about when I can’t sleep nights. Jesus, Sounder. Anything that ’s not as shit t should work.” “Not yet. You want me to call if I do?” He nods and has an honest look at it. It looks like we’re ten years old and trying to get on the road again. I can’t wait before one of these people fucks it up. * * * — Twenty minutes , the hot cup of bad street coffee in my hand gets me to the beach on Highdown Road. Mick’s is an executive hipster shop for the nervous senior vice presidents and Doc Holliday wannabes with deep pockets. They carry it into Armour s as a shawl and head north into bespoke skirting and monofilament. They also wear cloth ballgowns in the ladies’ section: bulletproof so long as the shawl doesn’t aim in the décolletage, but they solve that with a shawl which’ll take a direct hit at ten times this summer as they keep the contessa standing to return to the market. It also comes in a range of purse-carry accessories. The same pepperpot gun Roddy bought comes in a thigh holster and comes in a selection of leather and also available in non-slip pearl or abalone. There are no cash registers, so we don’t think these