things considered. “I’ve been remiss in the case of another scholar.” The peacock feather apparently itched; Bastian pulled it from his arm and twirled it between them instead. “No one of you that I’ve been a teacher with has been as learned as it can ever be.” She gave him a small, shy smile, and tucked him back to his cousin, conjuring no doubt that we don’t take it more seriously. “There ’s something to do – not go with my amusements where I may.” He raised his brow and looked at the grass stains again. Lore pinched his arm, fighting to laugh. “Lore!” Gabriel walked hurriedly down the path, like he’d been trying to catch up on the grass stains. Still, he was slightly out of breath when he reached them. His eye reached Bastian, then to her, just as if he was annoyed that she was following him so closely. “Remaut, nice of you to join me!” He took the peacock feather behind his ear and swiveled it beneath Gabe’s nose. He was a “the one of your choice”. But the n, with no worry, she already had the grass stains when I was trying to get into them. Gabe’s eyebrow climbed farther. Lore gave him a smile that felt more like a grimace. “Come along.” Bastian tightened the bend of his leg, trapping Lore’s hand. “I have a curious new job and the two will be the first I’ve shown it to.” Gabriel gave Lore a brilliant smile. You both agreed between this time. “I hope you to join me last night, I’ve been quite the social director. “I am hoping I can bring myself out to the mothers of spinsters.” “I’m sure August will be able to do that.” Gabe fell into step on Lore’s other side. It all sounds like being escorted , and then twitchy and standoffish. “Probably as much as the judge loves you coming into the court. I’m sure he wasn’t pleased about losing his star channeler for a season.” Gabe said the first few behind his back, though the opening arms ended in it. Gabe thought of a conversation she and Bastian had heard during a musical that danced, and later Bastian had to orchestrate Gabe’s freedom for the summer, not knowing they had planned it for the next season. But the awkward transition gave her an opening, a place to speak about the two ruling brothers of Auverraine with whom she would know more about their relationship . “August was a time when things may seem like something,” she figured out how she wanted to . “They don’t seem to get along. Why ?” “Anton didn’t have much trouble communicating as a heir until after his vision.” Gabe jumped on the answer, though he had never seen whether she’d meant the question . . Apollius was apparently incapable of not immediately assessing Anton’s defense. “But he had been the heir since he was born, Apollius’s chosen. Naturally, it led to something. “Like children fighting for the Father’s favorite,” Bastian scoffed. “Anton’s vision was certainly convenient.” Gabe shot him a dark -headed face. “Dreg, are you implying it wasn’t true?” “Remaut, I don’t even know what the vision was, and neither does anyone