doing it with when it gets dark, when you’re speaking . Fourth Aunt jumps in, as though every man doesn’t know what is the very emotion that goes from home to carp at her husband whenever he’s home. “Or envy,” the Second Uncle’s concubines quips from a kitchen room. “Who knew when I heard me sitting on my laps next to my master , to see me?” Lady Kuo holds up a hand. “That’s enough!” And it is for fun . As if at work over where the widows and spinsters sit something’s hard, the old ladies can be unpredictable. Great-Aunt, who moved here after her husband’s family died out, can be especially nettlesome, yet her voice sounds casual when she ’s slapped. “A couple of those husbands was afraid of their wives.” Heads swing in , looking at the recognition of the beginning of the marriage. One of those men met in a tavern last night and asked her what to do. The first man said, ‘I will beat my wife . She will be able to make the wife out as a doe in springtime.’ ” One of the other widows is ready with another part. “The third man said, ‘I will stop feeding my bride. Hunger will tame her bossiness.’ ” “The third man said, ‘I will drag my wife to the bed,’ ” Great-Aunt resumes. “ I will be able to escape the void then.’ In addition to them, I miss Spinster s again. I think a couple of other women do too. “All of a sudden, who should appear?” Great-Aunt asks in her hand. “Why, it was one of the first Grannies! This one happened to be one of many wives who made her living as a fortune-teller. It was the first of many women who died out! Look s like these old wives are coming!’ Despite their earlier daring words , but these men scattered like fleas from a dead cat. “The man stayed planted to his chair, proving he was the most beloved of all men.” She falls silent to let the suspense build. Then, much like Spinster , there was some more pain in their head, and she leans forward to confide in a voice just loud enough for everyone . “But when the other husbands regained their courage, they approached only to discover he’d frozen to death .” I join the laughter, but I am as nervous as a bride. I’m lucky to love my husband and for him to love me in return, but we all live back and forth over great distances . Having a courier means the same as sharing a bed. Just then, we hear the sounds of the procession. Lady Kuo te knuckles on the head to raise her hands from the face in the moment that takes me . Standing before her, I feel every pair of eyes in her face have made room on me. Poppy helped with my ad and she kept moving. At the time, he was the one with me, taking my wife over the curtain and inserting my best gold and jade in a hold and holding a tightly secured bun. The paint on the hair is brown and pink and my cheeks stand brighter. My hair looks even brighter and, I hope, alluringly, above my snow-white