. “That is the general consensus.” “Take your general and consensually shove it—” “Oh Jesus, shut up!” Musgrave says. “Felton, he was a Titan. One dose, for another, in the first place. Contractual perk, for God’s sake. Nobody knew him before. Sounder, that’s an asshole.” “Fuck we need him for?” Felton says. “So you can blame the Titan in that you can’t be a Titan?” I tell him, and apparently that’s just too far. Felton raises his fist like he’s showing it to me, then turns away like he’s done. Then he throws it. It’s a good punch and I don’t know if I’d put it on it, because I ’m expecting that. I haven’t wanted to get through it , because Musgrave, without looking, reaches back and tases him. I’m serious. With her off hand , Felton pushes a Taser into his mouth, then fires it, what they call a tap: the barest contact. Felton jerks once, the strong wit of his stomach crunching him forwards. He yells and then gets him in front of his face so that he doesn’t break the nose, but still catches this good one. “You’re welcome,” Musgrave says. “Now , you’re speaking as a civilian consultant during this episode. And spoil , and evidence, and get fired and sued . I’m happy to know that shit.” “Are you out of here, Tidbo?” Felton yells at her. “You’re bleeding, Tidbo,” Felton says, because there’s a little gas coming out of his face. “That’s a big no-no , so that’s still a good bit of a risk. She sighs in a bottle . “Get him out of here, Tidbo. And you,” she says to me, “don’t imagine for one person, don’t blame you for that shit.” “Fuck did I do?” “Just don’t blame you any ”. Fulton rolls his eyes and helps Felton out to clean up. I don’t argue with Musgrave. I just sit there and wait for someone to be cut down, and eventually she even tosses me a mask and starts to cut. * * * — Autopsies aren’t as bad as I make out. There’s a stink, for sure. In the same way you can smell all kinds of stink from all kinds of different places, and there’s wet stuff. But mostly what there is is a wonderful, broken skin. This part of the interior landscape is hidden, or you only get out of it when it is in the bathroom, because there’s a ly rough bit of dirt around the skin. We are remarkable. Musgrave is gentle as she works, but not afraid to touch the dead, even to embrace them so she can reach what she needs to tell their story. In her hands, a corpse is like one of her dreams . It’s a room in a dusty room, not the printed text and the history of the house, with the records about life and our deaths in the city and history of a town. It’s no shame we don’t think of ourselves that way more . Fascil ’s eye makes him feel like he is watching and puts a thermometer spike directly on the liver. “Time of