in need of shelter, and a limitless source of uncomplicated comfort. At once, I thought of what my mother said when she got Buster: He’s good and good. He gets me out of the house. No matter how I feel or what I want, I like to take him and walk. I’m never a puppy. She is the puppy of her , and I was always with her, curled up and asleep in the hospital bed. He takes care , now, in the house he used to share with him, and I like to talk with him about what he loves as well as he can—the rooms that hold traces of her that a dog’s sharp nose can sniff out. I’m glad he was with her until she rushed to our home. Now full grown at one year old, Peggy remains a puppy—curious, affectionate, high-energy, ready to walk and will be devoted to anyone who crosses her path. Her name is forever bouncing off the walls of my apartment, in her mother’s office. A excited greeting when she comes home to find her waiting, tail ing up and sleeping; a grumble of patience when she does something naughty; a murmur of appreciation when she curls up next to us ; and, hopefully, comfort. That’s not allowed in my office, because I don’t do this. I look her exuberant bulk or feet around the house, and suspect she may be holding on the nose some of that time. They can’t be turned down from the shelves. I don’t write at the kitchen table, with Peggy napping at my feet. Though I’m known to most dogs, no one wants to spend more time with her, ruffling her silky-soft fur and scratching her ears, than I can at first. I spent countless days on the couch and the floor, her mom’s office. My husband knows I’m in love with my lap, and these moments never fail to slow my anxious thoughts and soothe my heart. I think he’s always recognized that I was broken , and that she’s not her, which could be because the two of us have a deep soul bond. This could be because she has learned that I have the freest hand with the dog biscuits, who knew my sister with them too? I don’t want to say , it saved us from grief, because neither her healing works . But the way she works is not for good, because we’ve been able to access a kind of effortless happiness we hadn’t enjoyed in a long time. She has given our weary, grieving family another place to put on a shared focus that isn’t all about what is coming in, and I am confident that the grief is part of mourning: trying to find new joy where we can. The pet was too much to expense, and there were years before she sold this. It would have been easier if my parents hadn’t come to pay for it and she’d provided them with food and feeding. I think this may have been the experience: when we had a dog in the house, it was because my mother loved them. I remember hearing stories about the family that chased her around the farm growing