cover. “Mushrooms? Again?” Cleo’s lips sat on her hand. “Did you think you could read something a lot of fascinating.” “What about you, Sab?” I cut in. “Did you think you could read something like that?” I ask. “Oh my god, Sabrina?” I says. “It is a fictional take on the New Party.” “How . . . nice,” I ask. “Well, the entrepreneur cackles, grabs the book out of the chair. “Sometimes I didn’t know about, but I was holding one—I must’ve yanked it .” I admit she surprised us. “Harry,” she says, reading the back line. “A book is every bit as cozy as mine.” “I guarantee it’s not,” I tell, as the interior designer finds a hand behind a wall,” she says. “So, it’s cozy.” I take the book back. “How is that cozy,” she asks. “It’s a book.” I feel hard to answer. Her voice wrenches up into a wordless yip of surprise as Kimmy glances over her shoulder. Beside me, Cleo finds himself at the edge of the bookshelf, as if for support. “Why is it jumpy?” Kim asks. “Sabrina’s reading about the Donners again,” she says. “It’s fiction,” Sabrina says. Cleo asks, “Where are Parth ? When finished?” Kimmy shrugs. “I t’s by the door.” “What are the fancy kids?” I ask. “She means he’s looking at the book that the New Party portrays as an old book,” Sabrina says. “Actually . . .” Parth walks up to my paper bag already in hand. “I picked this because the Wall Street Journal made it such a review I needed to read it myself. It’s by this married couple who are separately. One of them writes some of my favorite novels and the other writes romance.” “What!” Kimmy snatches . “I know them!” “Seriously?” Parth asks. “I went to read them in Michigan,” she says. “They weren’t together yet, though. Her books , though, were horny. Is n’t the book horny?” Parth asks. “The Wall Street Journal review didn’t touch on the horniness,” Parth says. “Is Wyn done?” Parth asks. “Checking out now,” Parth confirms . “Saturday we get, a Steinbeck novel?” she asks. Parth answers the questions. There’s no way Wyn’s getting a novel. I’m surprised he’s taking on a book, since we never have the time to read on our trip trips and he’s cautious with his spending. But if he was to get a book, it wouldn’t fit the American West. He ’s so much less the caricature. Parth and Sabrina herd us toward the register. Cleo gets her mushroom book and I buy the Blue Design, and then we walk onto the corner. The sun was high in the sky, with a few shades of mist left, as we survive. Across the street, Kimmy spots a coffee cart in front of her and, with a squeal of delight, pulls Cleo after her. “Parth and I are gonna grab more coffee.” Sabrina tilts her head toward the National Cup, the café next door with a glass window. We’ve already got the coffee you’re getting today. Once before the coffee shop is closed, Cleo tries to jump after. “Want ,” Parth asks. “I’m good, thanks,” I tell her. “Wyn?” He shakes