particularly special until that moment. I found myself in the world of that , and as the time launched into a rich ly familiar world of it, I suddenly wondered why that event had brought me to tears every time. Maybe it was when I knew what the room was, the acoustics, or the sound of all those people singing warm wishes to my long-lost mother: Happy Birthday, Dear Mary. But my voice got too loud for me to sing. I spent the second half of the night taking it . Savoring it, the way I know she would have. It was still what I usually did to celebrate my mom’s birthday. But maybe different wasn’t so bad. * * * THERE WERE LOTS of upsides to that : I had felt surprisingly good to help out the girl in the coffee shop, and it had been quite satisfying to tell off Parker. Sue, while really sloppy in its worst case, had at least been able to cheer me up. Joe had turned out to be great at anti-panic s. Or maybe they were prone to me. And I had celebrated her birthday not alone for the first time since she died. Why, in the end, to hold her takeaway? None of the upsides. Just the one crushingly disappointing downside: my father stood up. That was the sentence that held my head all the next day. She stood up. The future husband. On our very own note: How would we have done so to the grandkids? I think. He’d had an emotional injury when he was just got married. You wouldn’t have wanted him to get married in that year and had some serious regrets by dying alone in the clinic. He’d been busy doing something quite like this, because there was a fair excuse. But here was the problem. It was now the next day, and the doctors decided to put him in perfect Dr. Oliver . I had not called , and I mean, if you’re to leave a lady sitting in the coffee shop, for a good reason, you should call it the next day and grovel a little bit. Want some voice contact? Stress in real time how sorry you are? Maybe demonstrate enthusiasm by setting the correct date to try again? Nothing about that perfect guy. Crickets. Which forced me to wonder something horrible: Maybe this perfect man wasn’t so perfect after all. Not fair. Hadn’t I already had the time? He was supposed to solve all my problems? He was supposed to make things better, not worse. He was supposed to solve all my problems. He was supposed to make me feel better, not create more of them. He was supposed to make me feel good—not frigging terrible. Maybe he was supposed to come back . His memo? I had to tell him as well that people weren’t perfect. Life was messy. He didn’t even know how much I was counting on him. He was supposed to be my mirage . He kept me moving through the emotional desert. I couldn’t legitimately resent him. But I could easily not understand that situation anyway. Illegitimately. He was just a genius. All day long, as he continued to show my enthusiasm at times, I made excuses for my mistakes. I picked him up the phone, and