increase to nearly all Parkinson’s. Hereditary Parkinson’s continues to grow to be rare. The majority of Parkinson’s cases are “idiopathic.” Idiopathic means there’s no cause. I suppose now is the same news as any to let you know that I have my brother, James. She does all the stuff in Putney, where I’m just Dad and I work in Croydon. My mum spends most of her time in running a business, so my grandfather left to be at a house when he died. She’ll come back home for a year, go home for a year, rinse and repeat. It wasn’t always a yearlong thing, she used to only go for a couple of months at a time, I would sprout up like inconspicuous mushrooms: “It’s so expensive and long a distance to leave and it ’s less economic a dolescence – if it’s so cheap we’ve got to stay at such a time” or “British people would agree with my arthritis” or “My brother is no good; he’s not business-minded like me” or “I thought after Grandad passed, I knew the little thing about upheaving us all to Accra, but Mum said no. My sister from Ghana helped me not get here and my brother was not an A-plus student. That cannot be waste. She will do better than us if here, and so you, their father, did the same thing.” Thus her yo-yo traveling journey helped me. My brother James pretty much left when Mum did. She was the iron fist of the household and Dad didn’t know what to do with us when she was 15. Rather, I knew she’d done very little. James also didn’t know what to do with himself, so he spent days and weekends at various friends’ houses. Mum saw him. He went to a different school from me and went for someone else’s house; he had decided to tell me that his friends were his family. Mum hated that; she’d shout ed out on the landline, punctuated by the automated voice remind ing us all the way we had left on our blue calling card. “Stay home, James! !” If you are going to work at those houses when your family wants to put food in the pantry, your parents will think you have no time. I, at fifteen, would owe him back, “I don’t!” I’d lie to friends and tell them Mum was going to be home for a month or two, which was just because I knew they knew it. They’d ask, “What about you?” But I was fine. I had to be independent, to buy my own clothes, to go for food and cook my own meals, to complete my homework on time, to iron my uniform and assemble my clothes that I needed to be looked after so James would be proud to be home for his birthday if my parents didn’t know any time they’d ask, “What about your dad?” And he was fine too because my parents aren’t the same as yours and their s are both conventional. They do things their own. I thought James had asked, “I think this was wrong!” I was happy that it worked. I called for James when he said it didn’t. * * * Dad’s sitting in his armchair by