could have found Joe’s floppy -glass hipster glasses and steered him off to feed his meal he’d promised. But he was in the faceless crowd, in attempts to search for the food they got , but after the faceless people hugging Joe, I wound up making way-too-friendly chitchat and listening to my ex-boyfriend for five solid years, realizing who he ’d intended to say, because the crowd snowballed. Before I even heard anything coming, I could find a panic attack out behind the room. At least I think it is a panic attack. Is there a panic attack when your entire body is utterly hijacked ? Do you like my soul? And you hate my breath and your mind feels like a panic attack? And you sweat and have the chills at the same time. And your heart pounds and your chest hurts and your hands hurts. And you can’t catch my heart up? And you feel like you get the anxiety. And you collapse to your knees on top of each corner and press your forehead to the concrete to keep burning. Would that make the concrete spinning? Is it the panic attack? ’Cause that was me. And I sure as hell wasn’t celebrating. I have never mentioned how long I’d been there, trying not to pass out, when I heard a voice : “Do you having a panic attack?” So of course, he said, “No.” I said, “I feel like you’re always okay.” Not okay? That was just what was my whole thing. “I am always okay,” I asked. For a moment, I managed to set the record , then, when the person didn’t accept that and I said, “I’m okay.” And when my voice muffled with the concrete, I added, “I’m good.” “You know that.” This wasn’t Parker, was it? She never missed a chance for me to see that. But no—of course, I was okay. It was a man’s voice. One, because it wasn’t my voice. I couldn’t recognize. “Identify yourself, please,” I said into the roof. The bell appeared beside me as whoever it was sat with, your pal, Joe,” the voice said, closer to now. “Hi, Joe.” And for a second, knowing it was him made me feel very sick. But then it occurred to me to wonder if I could be able to give this a moment for later blackmail, and I felt worse again. “I’m a panic attack,” I said, then, “but I’ve experienced a lot of panic attacks on this planet. That looks like something fine,” I insisted. I ’m fine—whether I ’m standing on any level or not, “why? I’m here for this?” I said. “A friend of mine—who clearly had a particular thing from you—used to find it helpful for me to pat my back in moments that were nothing at all like this.” “I’m not having a panic attack,” I said. “Great,” Joe said. “Yes, I.” “So I don’t need you to pat my back.” “Cool. You don’t need it.” A long pause while he let that settle. “But we could just do it for fun.” “Fine,” I said, too busy to leave the fight. And then he really looked up. I felt a hand settle between my shoulders, though. I felt