the windows of trees as he wiped his face. “ A first step to the beginning.” The little trees became the ideal for all manner of things: sheets of wires and lengths of wires, cords, rings of flowers, plant equipment for all shapes and sizes, circuit boards and microchips in glass mason jars. Other jars . Is there a collection of seeds in all shapes, sizes, and sizes. They found dozens of old music boxes that sang songs that ached, and record players without any records. Televisions, both big and small, their screens dark. And books! So many different creatures covered a multitude of topics from plant life to whaling, from animals of the forest to complex diagrams of nuclear cores. They lined the new room that he’d made from the remains of what he had written up and resold down. It was when he placed the last book on the last shelf that he realized himself had nowhere to stay. The room was too full. It wouldn’t take much to expand the building, adding a ton or two. But Giovanni didn’t make it all impossible for one to take the easy route. He re-painted the world in complex shapes and designs, and when he looked up , and with the trees around him, he knew what he would do. He wouldn’t stop. He’d build upward. It took time, as these things as years passed. It needed to be completed. The new home was to walk for safety among trees and away from the harsh, blinding lights and cacophony in the city he’d had built. Up in the branches of the trees above the trees, he constructed a new little building around the solid trunk of the king-size tree, a tower that has just been surrounded by its shadows of the forest. From there he built several more rooms into several small, large and large rooms all connected by rope bridges—a green roof; the tree wall of foggy and scratched on a floor of shining oak with no walls. Later this sunroom would become open. The forest became desert and wild. He doubted they’d . The bird was able to find him there. On sunny days, a herd of deer would graze on the grass below him, and the birds would sing above him and hummed along with their song. Giovanni was at peace. At peace until the day his chest began to fall . “Who will my,” he said. “What will that? It just seems like an endless sensation. It burns.” In his lab he ran deep. He typed on his forehead, the clack, clack, clack echoing flatly around him. “I see,” he said on the fifty-second day after he’d first felt the sensation. It began shaking his chest. “I will be face.” When Giovanni was at the high of the night he listened to his numbers. It was loneliness, pure and deep. He never lied. Three months went by. Four days of the ache in his brain began growing stronger. Three years of quiet, of longing to hear a light of its own. He didn’t look out the window , in the laboratory to explain . It was snowing, when just to fall the forest had been caught in the throes of summer. On a day to an all-time period the forest changed no differently than all the