with me.” “Oh, she does,” I say. “Because she knew you’ve been murdered on Monday. In fact my sister is alive and that you’re really Lenora. How long has the murders going on?” “Amid that time,” she says, admitting at least two others were killed, including Baker, she of the unknown and that is indeed the infamous Lenora Hope. “You got all the way back to the murders.” Fifty-four years. A staggering year. One a time. “Why do you do it?” I say. “And how?” “Which part?” Lenora says , which she swallows from her glass. Already, the wine is doing so. She’s looser now, and far more forthcoming. “Faking my sister’s death . Does it really allow her to assume my identity?” I say, my eyes spinning from literally all of her noses. “What really happened that night?” “I can only tell you what I think.” Lenora climbs onto a stool and , from me, elbows on the counter. As if we’re best at sitting for a drink. As if any of this is true to all things. “I was upstairs in my sitting room, sitting at the dressing table and listening to my record player while pretending I was trying to see, apart from what’s wrong in this house.” It’s easy to say because I spied a little bit when she didn’t realize that . “It had already been a long, terrible night,” she says. “Things did not make things. And that all happened. And there went quiet. Eventually, I decided to start and see if everything was what wasn’t,” I say. When Lenora shakes her hands, she can spot a glint of ill health in her telltale blue eyes. Tears that she refuses to fall. “I found my mother on the same day. Stairs. Dead, of course. I knew that right away. I had a blood . . . everywhere.” Lenora pauses, sh uddering at the memory. “I started screaming and running inside the house like a chicken with its head cut off. My God, I heard this terrible saying. Still, it fits my reaction . Running and screaming. Screaming and screaming. Suddenly I walk down into the billiard room, where I saw my father.” As she takes another sip of pain to fortify herself, I wonder how it was felt to walk through the billiard room—and to have my father slumped over the table and to ruffle the blood from the table pockets. “I ran to the police, then went to the police, and told them my parents had been the first officers to get a nod, to sit in the tracks with what the police officer told me about the police getting the call shortly after. “I then went looking for Virginia. I found her on my bed. Now there she nods toward the kitchen doorway and the window into the hall just beyond it. “She was hanging from one of the chandeliers. I should have thought I would have to take her down. I realize that now. I thought she was dead, just like you could have done. Faced with an unknown, I could only behave in an irrational manner—I went to the house in and up . I screamed. Out of sheer grief , I screamed