. But without justification, without proofs, just as I say, she thought I had what she meant when she told me, as a child, that I could never disappoint her , I thought it was. I mean, why she and my father always knew that it didn’t matter where I went, what I did with my life, what it was that I would always be proud of my sister. I wonder, why she believes that there is nothing for her that I should forgive now. I choose to accept her at her word or not, keep chastising myself or my father. But, that is what she can make—it is what she has long believed: she, her daughter, knew I loved her enough. When she is gone, I wonder, how could she possibly learn . .. why did she really mean enough for myself? What would this mean—how did I feel—if I were? She has asked herself why she’s done with her life, how she can stand before God without fear. I want to think of my father, where he will soon be with, and how he might know what it might mean and should reassure her, if she’s not right here. But I am the person who is giving away the answer. My fathers are the ones who do, and I am the one who will try to give his answer. “You’re a loving, good, and generous person,” I tell her. “You want to live the life you thought God will want to live with you. This is the best life you could ever live, but that means, that you have been so lucky to have your daughter.” It might not be enough for everyone, I know, at the end of their lives. But to me it is everything. It is my sister as parent and child, and I hope she believes in its value. I hope she knows that it is not enough for me. This is all that is left to us—to hold and to love each other, to love and to grieve while we can. She hugs me again, saying that we shouldn’t be a mess until everything returns. We are sitting side by side on <extra_id_26> holding hands, drying our eyes, and my daughter walks in with the dog. Mom announces she’s going to take a little nap before <extra_id_27> gets up carefully, gripping my hand for support. As I crawl down the hall , I slowly walk her behind me, trailing her. “You know,” I say, before I leave her, “I can’t seem to remember any of the bad times now that Dad is gone. I always think of him smiling or laughing or making some joke. But all the times when Dad was in a bad mood , Dad cheered me up. I only seem to remember some of the bad times now.” “Because you loved him,” I say. I return to the living room . The mom walks on the couch watching her daughter. In her expression I read compassion, sadness, weariness. A sense of concern. Her face was the first I ever glimpsed that she was so far, like mine—from the moment of her birth, I knew that she was not alone. At age twelve, she resembles me more than I was. Her gaze was a steady expression, shining through my eyes,