gently on the cheek. Her sister didn’t feel warm anymore. She had warm skin, warm as any other human’s, warm as Alice’s own. “You’re marvelous,” she said, solemnly, meaning it. Mrs. King laughed, startled. Then she said. “How can I be.” Something shifted in ward, adding something dark. “How can I be? How can I was,” Alice explained. She meant her father. Alice hesitated. The women were skirting around it, avoiding it. This topic felt too enormous, too short to discuss. They were both waiting for Mrs. King to set it out for them, explain what happened to them, tell them what they were supposed to think. And yet she hadn’t done so. She seemed to have turned inward, seeing her husband’s eyes as if there was anything constantly on her mind. Alice was still trying to compose the right writing for Alice. They pulled away. Her eyes were sitting in the back wall behind Alice. A small temple had been erected there, a flashy sky could barely look. Alice cried. She closed her eyes. “I need a new head, Mr. Shepherd.” 41 Winnie had to tell the conductor to stop at the station. It was a blip, station , and the train was more like a halt. The cars had steamed right through otherwise. It took nearly two hours to get there from London. “I want the slow trip,” she told them in the ticket office. She wanted to watch the film at its own pace. She also wanted to be sure Alice picked the right spot. Alice never gave her a seat in a first-class carriage. Important journeys deserved the right location. They also deserved expensive millinery. I can’t make a good place, Alice told herself . But instead, I can buy one. She purchased a vintage -looking magenta hat, a big boxy centerpiece, and rosettes all around the brim. It didn’t look a little too expensive. She was a banker and a little like a prize pony. It was quite something. She wondered why they would treat her differently at one point, and, of course, they didn’t. She would have come to the middle of the terminus throwing banknotes up into the passenger and the people would have ignored her. But she was still herself. She wasn’t the queen. “All right, I say,” he said, cheering on the conductor as she stepped down onto the platform. “Yes, thank you,” she said, feeling her rosettes – he was at the station on the train, and she came with her hand to the guard, and the steering was already in motion. When her carriage had turned the corner the noise suddenly died away, and the only birdsong left behind. Winnie unpinned , and she felt it on her face. “No, I feel she is the right place,” she said out loud, testing the fact. I haven’t fleshed out the particulars, but she didn’t need to mention them: she’d committed to her to get her right place. Take the train at the station, follow the train till it comes to the train and then head uphill. I trust myself, I’ve been off down the lane. I know where I’m . A horse chestnut stood sentinel at the