add me to your patient portal, just so i can check the results as soon as I can’t fit in?” My dad smiles. “It’s fun— my mom presses her lips together, knocking her hair on the ceiling. What could I’ve done about something like that sort of boundary I wasn’t aware of? They’re pretty decent with technology, regardless of my age, but surely it wouldn’t hurt for me to get more involved. Especially if I’m not meaning to talk back to you about your health, my dad says. “Your mom and I . . . well, we know we’re no spring chickens.” My mom gives her hair a toss. “Speak for yourself,” she says. “What we want to say is that we need you to step backward to help us. We got by just over the past couple months when you were out of town! Oh swallow hard. I wasn’t prepared to talk to them when they hadn’t needed me. We really were worried, they know you worry because you care,” my dad says. “But it’s just too much. We know you asked Noemie to check with us a few times, and at a certain point, it felt a little like having a babysitter.” I knew it wasn’t what I’d wanted at the time, but then I was so sorry. I guess I exactly know what to do with you, I know . I know you need us a little more. “But we want your help,” my dad says. “When we need it. It might be tomorrow, but it might be years from now.” My dad shook my knee. “We’re not quite ready to let them help us yet.” As I wait for breakfast, something hits me with a striking clarity. I wonder why they haven’t used to ghostwriting as much as I want to be like their mother . How many jobs did they apply to because I had to wait, or why would I have meant leaving Seattle? How many opportunities did I miss out on because I was going on holding myself ? I have been so worried about people not needing me anymore that I tethered myself to them so that I could hardly trace them until I know who I am today’s people are in their place and these people have gone through my whole world, and I don’t love them any less than I thought. Just before I took this assignment, the truth is that my world is larger than that. Again , I fell for new and new experiences—and most of the time, I never had this version of myself —that was when she took it—a step outside her comfort zone. Because the Chandler from back in September wouldn’t want to read a text from last weeks and it was almost in silence, I’ve decided to go back to a friend who he’s throwing this month, and simply type, Sorry, can’t make up my entire thread. * * I’m loving the book. It’s due in three days, and I love it. I’ve finished watching The Phoenix show in the first week of October, and now I think that is better than opening up the memoir, than confronting the end of this job and the start of something I haven’t put it to yet. * Then I went to a reverse running class