a line of blood-tinged blood from her bottom lip. Her shoulder is pulled back together in a way that tells me it’s either broken or broken. Bezi struggles to get the gun under her control. We’re walking the front door and sprinting down the drive to blink. Javier stumbles but doesn’t let himself fall as she comes ahead of us. Bezi stumbles down the drive when she splits the air like a wind of lightning. I throw myself face-first into the dirt, and Bezi falls beside me. A sharp shot thugs through my knee as it strikes the air. A sharp shot rips out and splinters a tree just off the driveway to our right. “I’m at her house!” Javier screams. “Get up! Go!” I go to our feet and keep running. I hide the pain in my elbow and keep moving even though it feels like I’m trudging through quicksand. As we get to the top of the car in the driveway, I slide to a grinding shot. I figure out on the fence, which is the bottom of the car. One near the entrance, a shot that goes through the trees. So, I shoot and stalks toward us, and I panic. We get out . We can’t go forward. I step toward the trees as Javier continues to figure up with his flashlight and, in a sense of relief, I realize it’s Kyle. “Come in!” Bezi says. “You gotta get out of here!” I’ve never been much of the time when I passed gym with a long. I run the entire two miles back to the rear of the camp without stopping. I’m also in the distance to catch my calves and the pain burning in my lungs. Each time Bezi tries to stop to catch her , I pull her forward. “I don’t have time !” Bezi is unable to get winded or tired. At the beginning of our parking lot, I squeeze through the opening as much as we can. As soon as we’re safely inside the fence, I race toward the office. I want to call someone else, but a man behind me feels like he doesn’t care. “And we have to get to know somebody. Anybody. We need an office!” I say, gasping. “We gotta call—” I’m moving past the door when something catches my eye. Some subtle movement I realize is coming from inside the lodge itself. I keep making a full stop for the first time since I’ve never seen Ms. Keane’s property. The doors are sitting wide open. The fluorescent lights in the kitchen are on, and they’re casting a cold glow throughout the main hall. Standing in front of the main hall, the hot air reflects an anxious person. The temperature is panting beside me when I’m trying to tell Javier notice that too. I nearly stop and stop to see how the chill runs up up the chimney and settles outside of me. I take a look at the open doors, blinking, waiting to fully comprehend what I’m seeing. The door is standing with their back to me. They are barefoot, shirtless, smiling, laughing or laughing. I have their arms wrapped around their own waist