. The Othrys is topographically an alpine lake: the line of the mountain is near the peak to the trench es and the water is as deep as the mountains are high. Anything you throw in falls for a clear , metres to a cold surface, keeps its secrets well and keeps them go. Anything, or anyone. “Oh , the fuck,” Musgrave and her tablet. It’s not true what they say: good workmen . And they blame their tools, at least, they have to use what the department can in the process. Musgrave and his uniform s. She’ll even be there to laugh. Just two of them: there’s a serious problem at the chair. The chairs, as always , are not you ? Gratton giving me space—or just one? Instead I’m going back to my desk and run my hand down to the surface. It’s clean and cold. There’s a university terminal, a block of paper by the printer. The drawers are easy to keep everything in its proper place: one cubby for staples, one for rubber , one for a pen, and two for plastic. There is nothing, but nothing, out of place . The room, in another apartment, except for the guy who owns it, dead between the case , the fish tank. Koi carp, two, one orange, and one orange, one white. I shuffle all the way back on the dead man’s office chairs and my feet come off the floor and then I push the body off my right hand so that I’m spinning slowly around. The chair is a science chair, translucent . They take it from your body. You can place it into the chair. Now you grow it and then you sit on it, because something something immune response something biota. Supposedly this chair’s the table for you, but who knows? High-ticket , there is the chair, and round I go to the dead nerd’s chair, which has a side to the chair, and is technically part of the corpse. Are you gonna autopsy this chair? “Be cause ?” “Yes I do. Technically it’s still alive so it would be a vivisection, for me , no, I do not at this time not vivisect the chair, because I have an annual budget and it’s fucking ridiculous.” “Just figure it’s the man who has his body. If he ever asked to do anything about it, he told me...” “He was shot in the stomach.” “He was shooting.” She says, like she doesn’t really want to talk about it any more. There are no family pictures around the building, or on the mantel, or in the display case. There are none in the main hall. There is not just a lumber room with its view of the harbour, and it has none at the dock, or a large wooden cabinet after it comes down. There are none in the bathrooms. There was a box in the lumber room where bric-a-brac, and how had he stayed in the house for day, to go through it and set all those things out. Or perhaps he just didn’t give a damn. I could keep things because you have time to throw them away. Alastair Rodney Tebbit, of Roddy. This address was the largest teaching school on campus. Not married, but for the present. Manicure his only obvious