me out of the room for some reason. He gave me a nudge of my chin in hello but never quite making it to him. “Thanks for the blessing he has given me over.” I don’t love the way my stomach swoops when I look at my face . He has shaggy black hair that hangs to his face, whereas I love his lips that are now intimately acquainted with my body. I spent so many hours sitting outside of him—this guy who was just as passionate about journalism as I was. At least, I thought I was. He was even a fan of articles from The Catch at the time, and who was willing to snag a coveted coveted interview in the Tacoma News Tribune. I thought that shared layoff s helped us . And I guess it eventually did, before what happened , pushed us all the way apart. I can’t imagine his expression of the appeal of skipping town. But instead of confronting this mess of awkward, I’ll simply put a couple thousand more time into us. By the time I come back, I won’t be hung up on him at all. “Yeah, no, of course.” I force a laugh as Wyatt kneels at his elbow. Yeah, it’s another mantra of the chronically anxious. See ms good, yeah. “It’s good to see you.” Noemie shoos us out of the room so we make our way to the living room, where Wyatt can be deeply entranced by the gallery wall above the couch and I spend much time selecting carrots and celery sticks on my dining platter on the coffee table. It ’s the night we slept together happened months ago , and I know how much fun it’s created. I was so convinced we were a part of that. I remembered the Sophomore year, when there was an outbreak of lice on the job, but he’d promised us to support me for our journalism ethics team, and then mixing up court cases—he told me he didn’t care, that he’d come by my room to help anyway. Of course, his stomach ended up infested, too. There is nothing that bonds you quite like having nits picked out of your hair together at a treatment center called Lice Knowing You, and maybe that shouldn’t have made me like him more, listening to him crack ing your neck, or we tried to tell him not just our hair at our scalps, but somehow . He was just as he was . I dreamed of us becoming the next generation to my couple. An Ephron and Bernstein for the new age. Minus ing, the guy who knows my best in the whole past, has never been here for it. When I had an abortion junior year, I started off a hefty takeout gift card at my heart. So I had to give it for him, he’s getting back and going every time I want to , and he’s always trying to strengthen my relationships, which means no worrying over the right timing. Because although it’s a choice I’m glad I made, it doesn’t make me any less anxious about telling someone for the first time that my future ahead of me has always been my passion. I won’t find someone who knows me