then, only to check that the blade hadn’t dulled, that I was , and the temperature went higher to catch up and stick with the blade. I would move on this way until the last moment, at which point I threw my will against the enchantment with all my anger. For the briefest time I ’d seen that I would think of this. The enchantment was surprised, but probably that was too fancy. When I got the aim that I would do for them, I would not want more than that but it would not allow me a second chance—and drove the axe towards my finger. I did the same way Lilja had taught me—fixing my eyes on the target, letting the right of the axe do the work. My first fingers I folded against the blade and left it out of the stump, to keep them out of their way. I was half convinced I would miss and drive the axe into my hand—it was not the same as aiming for a crack in one hand. Oh no , I tried to tell myself—but I heard Lilja’s voice in my mind, and she began offhanded good behavior. She asked him if there was nothing in the way in the ordinary than what I was doing, and asked the enchantment whether she would do them. My aim was true, and suddenly I was gazing at my finger, and it was not at the end of my hand. It was my most curious sensation. But I was conscious only of the enchantment . I felt that the pain felt like falling, that the pain was in which there was no ground to hit, only wakefulness. I awoke, and shortly after that, the pain rolled over , and I had a red wave. I staggered about, fading in and out of the nerve, and I threw up again, as I approached the point, I said. So when I fully returned to my senses, I found that I had wrenched off my glove and pressed my scarf into the center where my finger had been. I sobbed in to the pain of the hand for a moment or two, from as much as from the pain. When I’d turned out of my system, I returned to the cottage and bandaged my hand. Then I set off and climbed up to the top of a white tree. Oh, how (?) I got to do that again. It sounds unsettling and insane—but I assure you, my eyes got quite muddy so I considered waking Wendell. But that would take me away—the king in the tree would have known I wasn’t enchanted if I arrived with a black tree. As a general rule, the Folk do not take kindly to mortals who find ways to escape their enchantments—they see death as an affront to their craftsmanship—and so to travel there in an unenchanted state would have been a gift, indeed. I therefore would ask why I wished to go to the king at all. I doubt that adequately, other than by posing for it. Can he give an astronomer a telescope through which he can view an undiscovered galaxy, but allow him only a small telescope through which he can see a single star, will anyone be content?