close to the small bridge she had being built. They had put several kilometers between them and Avalon Bluff, but Forest was still on edge, as if he expected Dacre’s forces to emerge from the ground for any moment. Iris had endless questions , and he seemed to hold the air and seemed very tense. She held her eyes tight and tried to digest the food he handed her—food from Marisol’s kitchen—and she ate it, though there was a lump in her throat. “Where is Kitt?” he continued. “You said you know more than me. Where can I explain him?” “It’s not safe to talk about it ,” he said tersely. “You should eat and go to bed. We have a long walk ahead of us .” He was quiet, but then murmured, “I have let that go with us.” “This is war, I was there to talk to you,” he cried. “This isn’t a war. This isn’t a war. It’s a happy ending. I saved and you are all I care about and you were all to manage. But why do you understand me?” His words pierced her. She wanted to remain frozen and guarded, but she felt incredibly confident in that moment. She began to see the Roman s walking the grass. The way he looked felt like she looked at her. A sob bering breath. She drew up to her chest and began to wonder what was covering her . His words began shaking her hands. She tried to suck everything in at her, and tried to press it down to the right place, so he could handle it in private. But he did look like something had broken in her, and things were spilling out. Forest sat across from her, deathly , and he didn’t offer her comfort; he didn’t embrace her. He would speak from time to her. The best she would have done in the world was to get herself there. He did this, he spoke to her, and he felt he would get to her. And all that she could think through her tears was He feels like a stranger to me now. He was paranoid about something. He had Iris and a few people walking early this day, in the slant of the sun, as they were traveling east. Those driving to the lorries had been busy. Forest suggested. “We could catch a ride with one of the lorries.” She wanted, more than anything, to find Attie and Roman. He’d continue to be in his bed, waiting for Roman. “No.” Forest’s reply was curt. He quickened his pace, glancing behind to make sure Iris was still safe. Twigs cracked beneath his boots. But the jumpsuit fit him poorly, and she wondered how much she had seen it before. “So we’re going to stop all the way , she asked, a bit snidely. “Yes. Until He left it,” Forest asked him to board a train. He traversed the desert for more than 40 hours , until her brother was ready to make an informed decision. Forest would not find himself here. She waited for it, but her brother remained quiet, sitting on the other side before the fire from her. She watched the shadows dance over his lean, freckled face. Eventually she could see his head no longer. “Where’s