been used to mark the edges of the three motorized hydraulic elevators that rose into place as they danced, forming three separate levels. If she missed her mark, she’d fall off the elevated section of the stage and, as Russell said, land on her face. “I’m sorry. The elevators, yes. I won’t make that mistake again.” “I should hope not,” Mr. Leonidoff said, glaring at Marion. “May I remind you that you’ll only get the opportunity to rehearse onstage the morning before the first performance? That’s this Thursday, three days away. It’s crucial that every dancer—particularly the new ones—stay focused so that by the time you’re onstage you have the routine down cold and can handle the shock of dancing before the audience at Radio City. And it will be a shock, I assure you.” It occurred to Marion that if she messed this up, she’d have no one to call home to, unlike the girl on the phone this morning. She hit her marks perfectly the rest of the rehearsal. * * * “I’m not sure how I’m supposed to dance when my eyes are only half open.” Bunny grabbed a Danish and a coffee from the cafeteria in the basement of Radio City, and Marion did the same, having arrived at six thirty, when the city was still draped in darkness, for the final rehearsal for the cowboy number onstage. The movie premiering at Radio City that day, The Wings of Eagles, rolled out at ten. Two hours later, the Rockettes would perform Westward Ho!, the boot-stepping, gunslinging number they’d been working on all week. The show featured not only the Rockettes, but also the corps de ballet and the choral ensemble, who would be singing cowboy songs. Marion reminded herself that their dance number was only a small part of the show, albeit the closing one, and that she was simply a cog in a wheel. If she performed the steps in the right order and hit her marks, all would be fine. If she made a mistake, though, everyone would notice—one of the downsides of being a cog. All night, she’d had terrible nightmares that she was running late and missed the curtain, or that she dropped her gun and tripped over the lip of the stage, falling face-first into the orchestra. Even worse, that she’d “kicked out.” Whenever any of the veteran dancers mentioned “kicking out,” they did so in a whisper, as if saying the words out loud might cause it to actually happen. Bunny had explained to Marion that it was every Rockette’s nightmare: when the choreography called for a certain number of kicks, say, eight, but a dancer miscounted and did nine. Besides falling, it was the one move that was sure to catch every audience member’s attention and pull them out of the illusion that they were watching a magical entity that had one mind, one body. By the time Marion had woken up, she was tired and shaky and slightly panicked. She and Bunny slugged back their coffee on their way to