hit noon and I should be at home for Dad’s birthday right now. I sit up with an unintelligible groan and think I might be sick. I stumble across my room in last night’s dress to take two paracetamol tablets dry and then gag. My throat hurts and my stomach burns. I’d google “hangover symptoms” because I feel like I only have five minutes left to live, but I can’t see straight—my head is so heavy. I’m not that late, and Dad’s not going anywhere. I won’t even tempt myself by getting back into bed completely. No, I’ll just rest my head on my pillow … only for a minute … ten minutes maybe. Half an hour at the most. * * * I wake up to a persistent buzzing. My phone is ringing. “Mum LONDON” and, underneath, the time: 14:47. Fuck. I jump out of bed and answer the phone. It’s fine; I’ll just take the cake home and decorate it there. “Hi, Mum. Sorry I’m later than I said I was going to be. I’m leaving the flat in ten minutes.” I sniff my armpits. “Twenty minutes.” I grab a towel and reach for my shower cap. “I went to bed late,” I explain when Mum doesn’t say anything back. “So that’s why I’m—” “Maddie?” I stop because Mum’s voice is thick and heavy and she’s crying enough to force two more syllables into my name. “Mum, what’s wrong?” “Maddie, your father, he … he is dead. He’s dead.” I freeze on the spot, half out of last night’s dress. What did she say? “Your father’s dead,” she repeats, then begins to choke and cry. I frown because I can clearly picture my dad sitting in front of the TV, smiling. I shake my head. “But it’s his birthday,” I tell her. “I know!” she says. “Oh, God. Oh, God. To take him on his birthday. And just now too, not thirty minutes long. I’ve been trying to call you. But he is dead. Maddie, he is dead.” My body finally hears her and it happens all at once, the punching of my heart, the loosening of my stomach, the burning in my chest. My belly heaves in and out. “Maddie, your father is—” “Stop saying that!” I snap. “I heard you the first time.” I pull my phone away and stare at the red end call button. “I’m sorry, Maddie.” She continues to cry down the line. I want to tell her not to be so dramatic. It’s not what it seems. It can’t be today that he’s died. No one dies on their birthday. My dad is not dead. There’s been some mistake. “You need to check again,” I tell her. “The paramedics have announced it, Maddie,” she says. “I am so sorry.” I hang up the phone and hold it to my chest. The only thing I can think about is Mum saying he died thirty minutes before, meaning I’d have been there if I’d woken up when I was meant to. I would have seen him