turned to head toward the door, but Vic stopped him by grabbing his arm. He looked down at Vic’s hand, then up at his face, asking a question without speaking. Vic let his arm go, reaching up and pulling his hood back over his head. “One of us.” Hap looked like he was about to argue but shook his head instead. Then he adjusted Vic’s helmet until it was no longer crooked. “There are w-worse th-things I c-can be.” Vic grinned at him. It felt odd to be smiling at such a time, but he couldn’t stop it if he’d tried. And wonder of all wonders, Hap smiled back. It was small, the edges twitching, but there. “Oh boy,” Nurse Ratched said. “If I had known all it would take would be to lock the two of you in a small enclosed space, I would have done it ages ago.” Vic stepped back, shaking his head. “Come on. It’s time to go to Heaven.” They stopped in front of a door at what Nurse Ratched said was the front of the warehouse. Vic reached for the door handle, but Hap stopped him, motioning him to step to the side. “We d-don’t know what’s on the other sside. Let me g-go first.” Irritated, Vic said, “I can do it.” “You are sweating,” Nurse Ratched said. “Your heart rate is elevated.” He glanced back at her. “And?” “Machines do not sweat,” she said. “Get yourself together, Victor. Let Hap go through first just to make sure it is safe.” He wiped his brow. Sure enough, his hand came away wet. “It’s warm. I can’t just stop sweating. The disguise is heavy.” Hap squinted at him. “You c-can’t turn off your l-leaking?” “I—that’s not—no, I can’t just turn it off.” “Wh-why not?” “That’s not how it— Would you just go through the damn door?” “It’s okay to be nervous and scared,” Rambo said, bumping against his leg. “Do you want me to leak with you? Give me a second. Wait for it. Wait for it. And … there.” A little dribble of oil spilled out onto the ground. “See? I’m just like you!” “That is not sanitary,” Nurse Ratched said. “Victor, deep breaths. Rambo, stop being weird.” “I don’t know how not to be weird,” Rambo said. “That’s like asking the birds to stop flying.” Hap cracked open the door. Vic stumbled back at the wave of sound that bowled over them. It was cacophonous, grating and harsh. Metal against metal. The shriek of sirens in the distance. Insistent beeping. Voices, though not speaking in words that Vic could understand. Light filled the open crack in the door, causing Vic to blink rapidly. Hap stuck his head out, hand still gripping the doorknob. Vic felt a hum vibrating up his legs to the rest of his body, causing his disguise to rattle against his frame. It was as if he was electrified. Hap leaned back in. “We m-move quick. K-keep your head down. Nurse R-ratched, where do we g-go first?” “Right,” she said promptly. “Three