peek through the crusts of snow, Vic went to a room on the Terrible Dogfish. He kept the lights off as he pulled the sheet covering Hap, tugging it down to his chest. It was the first thing he’d fixed, knowing it was easier than a heart. The skin that had torn when Hap’s heart exploded had been too shredded to repair, the panel covering his power cavity broken. He’d replaced them with wood, knowing Hap would like it when he awoke. If he awoke. He climbed onto the table next to Hap, curling against him, making himself as small as he could. Hap was cold, skin like ice, but Vic didn’t mind. He pulled the sheet back over them and lay his head on Hap’s shoulder. “I walked through the woods today,” he whispered. “And I turned to point out a bird in the trees, but you weren’t there.” Hap didn’t reply. Vic stayed there until morning when the winter sun began rising as it always did. The snows were mostly gone when he finished the first heart. Born of desperation and rage, it was harsher than the previous heart, the lines sharper, more angled, the base a pointed tip capable of slicing skin. But that made sense: its creator was not the same as he’d been before. He was angrier. Sadder. Braver. Five gears: two bigger, three smaller. One for Dad. One for Vic. And Nurse Ratched and Rambo and Hap. And at its center, a tiny wooden hatch that opened to reveal a smooth white strip that waited for a drop of life. He did not tell the others right away, wanting to be sure before he let himself hope. As Vic returned from the forest on a cool spring afternoon two days after he finished the heart, he came across a sight he’d never seen before. A tree—an old, tall oak—stood in the woods, limbs shaggy with burgeoning leaves. But it was the moving colorful trunk that caught Vic’s gaze. It took him a moment to realize it wasn’t the trunk that was moving, but the dozens of butterflies upon it. Monarchs, gold and orange and black, their wings shivering. He showed them the heart. Nurse Ratched said, “I knew you could do it.” “Will it make them like they used to be?” Rambo asked. “I don’t know,” Vic said. “And we will not know unless we try,” Nurse Ratched said. They told Dad what Victor had made. When Vic showed the heart to him, he took it in his hands, turning it over. “You did this?” “Yes,” Vic said, feeling like a child again, hoping for his father’s approval. “It’s wonderful,” Dad said. “Who is it for?” “You.” He came willingly, hand clutching Victor’s as he sat in a chair in one of the many rooms in the Terrible Dogfish. Nurse Ratched helped him lift his shirt up and over his head, and when asked, he tapped his breastbone, opening the compartment in his chest, revealing his power source: a circular battery lined with blinking lights. “Will