pinned to the back. But it just said seventy-five, so I don’t know whether it was actually a note or something else.” Bastian’s face went pale. “It had to be a note.” “Why?” “Because that’s how many people died in the last village,” Bastian said. “Seventy-five exactly.” Footnotes 1 Stricken from the Compendium after Margot D’Laney, Second Night Priestess of the Buried Watch, attempted to open Nyxara’s tomb in 200 AGF. CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE It takes more than one cloud to make a storm. —Kirythean proverb That…” Lore’s head spun, fitting the information together. “If it was the number of bodies—” “It means Bellegarde is in on it,” Bastian finished, low and dark. “We met August in the hallway.” Lore’s mind twisted in a thousand different directions, taking pieces and filling them in where they fit. “He didn’t look at the tapestry where Bellegarde hid the note, but they were talking when I left. Something about groups being processed, about bindings —” Danielle’s bright voice cut her off. “Bastian! We found the wine. It isn’t sparkling, but I suppose it will suffice.” “Well, I didn’t know you wanted sparkling.” The Sun Prince flipped from serious to jovial in an instant. Even the way he held himself changed, rigid tension softening into lazy lines as he settled into his still-backward chair. “That’s in one of the second-floor guest rooms.” “This will do.” Dani wagged the bottle in the air, a slight frown drawing a line between her brows when she looked at Lore. “Are you all right, Lore? You look pale.” “Just my stomach,” she said, picking up her now-cold tea and taking a long sip. “I’ll have some of that sent to your rooms,” Brigitte said, nodding to the teacup as she wrapped the cork of the wine bottle in her skirt and tugged. It came off with a pop, and Alie offered quiet applause. Brigitte bowed and poured the wine into the now-empty cups. “It’s the only way I get through the cramps.” “Thank you,” Lore murmured. Lying to Brigitte felt rotten. Repaying kindness with dishonesty always did. Bastian stood so the four women could have the chairs—“I will lean fetchingly against the wall instead, and if any of you feel the sudden inspiration to paint me, I won’t even charge a modeling fee”—while Alie and the others sipped their wine and idly gossiped. Lore sipped her wine and thought about how in the myriad hells she was going to find where August, Anton, and now Bellegarde were hiding seventyfive-plus bodies. “I’m hoping to see Luc again next week,” Danielle said. Her eyes darted from her teacup to Lore. “He’s on a business trip with his father for a few days.” Luc. The docks. Lore frowned, putting something together. “You said someone was hiring people from the docks to move cargo?” For the second time, curious eyes turned Lore’s way, not quite sure what to make of her question. Lore forced a grin, hoping they thought her strangeness was due to social ineptitude bred in country isolation. “I… ah… have an interest