be on your terms.” “No one’s forcing you to stay!” Sabrina says. “If you want to go, go!” Cleo looks down at her feet, a tiny fern growing up between the cracks in the sidewalk there, right between her sandals. “Fine,” she says. “Kimmy and I will find a hotel for the night.” Another cold laugh from Sabrina. “So, what, you’re going to consciously uncouple from our friendship?” “I’m going to take some space,” Cleo says. “This is ridiculous,” Sabrina replies. “You won’t find anywhere to stay on this entire coast.” Cleo’s lips press tighter. “Then we’ll sleep in the guesthouse tonight.” “And then what?” Sabrina says. “I don’t know yet,” Cleo said. “Maybe leave.” I have no idea how to argue with her, or if I even want to. My head throbs. Everything is all wrong. Finally, Sabrina says, “I’ll get the car.” She turns and stalks down the street. I look back the way we came. Even in silhouette, Kimmy, Wyn, and Parth look rigid. They heard everything. In a way, I tell myself, it’s a relief, to have everything out in the open. But the truth is, if I could take it all back, I would. I’d do anything to go back to that happy place, outside of time, where nothing from real life can touch us. 32 REAL LIFE Friday ON THE DRIVE home, we’re silent. Now that the truth is out, Wyn and I can’t even look at each other. He won’t look at Parth either, keeps his eyes fixed out the car window. As soon as we get inside the cottage, everyone retreats, and rather than endure any more awkward or painful run-ins, I tuck myself away in the first- floor powder room. When I make my way up the stairs, though, Kimmy and Cleo are coming down, bags in hand, bound for the guesthouse. Cleo doesn’t look at me. Neither of them says anything, but Kimmy flashes a tense smile and squeezes my hand as we pass. A lump forms in my throat at the whine of the front door opening behind me. I don’t go to Wyn’s and my room. The bubble has popped, this pocket universe collapsed. Instead, I take the kids’ room. It’s tidy, the twin beds returned to opposite walls and neatly made. Cleo and Kimmy left no trace of themselves here apart from the lingering scent of Kimmy’s peppermint oil. I sit on the edge of the bed, feeling the loneliness swell, not knowing whether it’s pressing against me from the outside or growing from within. Either way, it’s inescapable, my oldest companion. I shuck off my clothes and crawl into bed. I don’t cry, but I don’t sleep either. The argument replays in my mind on a feverish loop until it feels like the words melt together nonsensically. I ask myself, again and again, why I didn’t tell them. All the same half- assed answers cycle through my mind until I’m as sick with myself as everyone else is. I turn onto my back and glare up at a