sun. When I finally regain my composure, it occurs to me that I have a chance to shut this conversation down again. Let it all go. Instead, I make a thoughtless, fatal mistake. A silver bullet straight to my jugular. “Mind-blowing,” I repeat. “That really blew your mind?” Finn’s eyebrows push together in confusion. “It didn’t blow yours?” “We’ve got to stop saying the word ‘blow.’ ” “I’m serious, Chandler,” he says, that seriousness painted all over his face. Thirty seconds ago, he didn’t want to talk about it, but now his interest is piqued. “Is that—is that why you left? I wondered about that all day, even after I met with you and Joe for lunch.” His voice is level. Quiet but concerned. Then he brings a hand to his throat and swallows hard. “If I did something to offend you, or god forbid, hurt you—” “You didn’t hurt me,” I say quickly, cutting him off. Fuck, fuck, fuck. Heat rushes to my cheeks, and I stare down at my plate. I wanted only to clear the air between us. I didn’t want the actual truth. “I—I’m sorry I left without saying anything. I’d never done that before, as you know, and I just didn’t know how to navigate it, I guess.” Now this conversation is treading dangerously close to the truth, and while I haven’t had much experience with actors, I have a feeling telling one that he’s not very good in bed might spark a reaction I’m not entirely ready for. At the very least, it’s enough to get me booted from this assignment. Blacklisted from publishing. The server returns with a new wrap, extra tzatziki. Finn barely glances at it, instead flicking his eyes around the restaurant to make sure no one’s paying attention to us. Then he asks in this low, uncertain voice, “So was it . . . not good for you?” A dozen lies wait on the tip of my tongue, but I can’t pick a single one. My silence gives me away. “Holy shit.” He leans back in the booth, running a hand down his face, along the reddish stubble that’s just started to reappear. “It was that bad?” “No, no, no,” I rush to say. The restaurant isn’t busy, and yet I’m suddenly certain everyone in here knows what we’re talking about. A neon sign declaring This Mere Mortal slept With a Beloved Actor and Had the Gall to Insinuate He Was Anything Less Than Godlike. “But you sounded like . . .” Finn trails off, the pieces seeming to come together. My forced gasps. My faked orgasm. The escape. I stare down at my nails, picking at the burnt-orange polish I applied the night before I left solely so I’d have something to keep the anxiety at bay. This is how I die, I think: confessing to Finnegan Walsh over falafel that he did not rock my world. “I guess we could call it acting.” He has the nerve to look genuinely astonished. “I don’t know if that’s ever happened to me