Mrs. Bone’s grim-faced cousins. She wore a veil during negotiations, and sat on one side of a screen painted with voluptuous nudes. She had to scramble, writing up all her notes, making sure she hadn’t made any errors. By the time they went out to the park to meet the others, she was feeling entirely flustered. “Sleep,” she said now, clearing her throat for attention. “Sleep is the important thing. You’ll want to be razor-sharp tomorrow.” She leaned forward, prodded Hephzibah. “You especially.” Hephzibah swung her parasol in Winnie’s direction. “I won’t sleep a wink,” she said. “It’s far too hot.” She pointed at Winnie. “You’re the one who needs her beauty sleep.” I won’t rise to that, Winnie thought. “Remember, Hephzibah, you’ve got to roll in to the ball early, to keep an eye on the arrivals and get Miss de Vries moving.” “Shall I be given supper?” Winnie sighed. “If you make enough of a fuss, I suppose. Introduce her to Mrs. Bone’s men, make sure Miss de Vries thinks they’re Buckingham Palace policemen, and then get to work upstairs.” Hephzibah frowned. “Can’t you make this thing go any faster, girls?” The Janes thumped the pedals, and the boat roared ahead, churning the water. Winnie could see other boaters looking around in displeasure, rocking on the waves. The motion was making her feel queasy. She tapped Alice’s arm. “Parker. You’ll head upstairs to sew Miss de Vries into her costume. Take your time about it. You want her strained, harassed, and running late.” Alice looked troubled, running her hand through the murky water. “I can’t force her to do anything.” Mrs. King smiled into the distance. “You’ll be fine.” And that was all. How did she do it? Winnie wondered. How could she be so smooth, so certain? Winnie had to clench and unclench her hands when she spoke, consulting her notes. But Mrs. King was different. She held the vision in her head. Look in her eyes long enough and you began to see it yourself, lights glinting in the dark. Mrs. Bone said, wrinkling her brow, “Now listen. I’ve been looking at our crates. You need to do something about them. They’re so heavy they’ll make the whole house shake when you winch them down.” “We’ve oiled the pulley,” said Jane-one. Jane-two nodded. “And we’ll have mats on the floor, to take the landing. We’ve measured everything, even Madam’s bed.” “Hmm,” said Mrs. Bone. “If you say so, my Janes.” Winnie wished she had the knack for convincing Mrs. Bone of something so easily. “Her bed?” said Alice, looking worried. “Do you plan to take her with you, while she’s sleeping?” Jane-one sniffed. “As long as we’re very careful with the angles, as long as we can get it hooked up nice and easy, and it doesn’t swing too much...” Alice scrutinized Mrs. King. “You’re not serious.” “I’m finding this very dull,” muttered Hephzibah, lowering her parasol. “Hephzibah, please,” said Winnie. Alice raised her voice. “Dinah...” “Not Dinah,” Mrs. King replied. “Mrs. King. Unless you’re going to gag