falls forward into the dirt. I shoulder-check Ms. Keane, and she stumbles back before charging at me with her machete raised in front of her. I throw my hands up, but Kyle steps between us. “Grandma!” he shouts. “Just stop!” “Don’t tell me what to do,” she snaps. “Not when you’ve been sneaking around helping these people out. They could have gotten away. We need them, and you risked all of that because of your bleeding heart.” She spits on the ground at his feet. A gurgling sound comes from the blond woman, but after a moment it stops, and she lies too still to be alive anymore. Mr. Lamont tucks the gun into the waist of his pants and awkwardly shoves the dead woman back into the boathouse and shuts the door. Ms. Keane pushes me and Bezi toward the lake. When we reach the rocky shore, Ms. Keane kicks me in the back of my knee, and my legs fold under me. She does the same thing to Bezi, and soon we’re leaning on each other, hands bound, as Mirror Lake’s black waters lap against the dock. Ms. Keane turns to Kyle and narrows her eyes at him. “Go get them.” Kyle skulks off toward the lodge as Mr. Lamont rejoins us and stares out over the water. “The one in the tunnel,” he says, glancing over his shoulder at Ms. Keane. “Did you handle it?” She nods enthusiastically. “And the one with the arrow in his eye.” She claps her hand down on my shoulder. “That was a real good thing you did, sweetie.” I shrug away from her. “So you’ve been watching us?” I ask, trying to work my wrists around, but the zip tie cuts into my skin with every movement. “Of course,” Mr. Lamont says. “The cameras came in handy. I did see that you found my little stash in the control center.” He chuckles. “You can’t fault me for wanting to keep a few mementos. It’s funny how no one ever connects the dots. A camper goes missing, a hiker goes off the grid, even kids—people care about the kids least of all. And all the while, it was them—the glorious order of the owl—the Owl Society.” “We’ll do better than they ever did,” Ms. Keane says. “What?” Bezi asks. Mr. Lamont looks like he’s about to answer when Kyle returns. He’s got Tasha’s lifeless body draped over his shoulder. Bezi turns her face away, and I bite my tongue so hard that it starts to bleed. Kyle sets her down on the ground, then leaves, returning a few moments later with Javier’s corpse. He lays him next to Tasha, then stands off to the side, his eyes downcast. “Do it,” Mr. Lamont says. “Feed the lake.” He begins to chant something in a language I can’t recognize. The words flow out of him like he’s rehearsed it a million times. Ms. Keane and Kyle grab ahold of Tasha and carry her to the end of the pier, where they toss her body into the