any easier for me, and I’m still relying on several trillion people to help me get my work in shape. Love, Theoretically was, simultaneously, a book I really wanted to write and a book I really struggled to write (go figure!). I owe a lot to my editor, Sarah Blumenstock (thank you for letting me keep that chapter break; BTW, I’m still mad you didn’t tell me about that panel), and to my agent, Thao Le (thank you for being the only one who laughs at my jokes!), who constantly support me in all my writerly endeavors and are the reason writing is such a joy for me. I’m truly honored to get to work so closely with two people I like so much. Also, all my appreciation to Liz Sellers for her precious input. To my beloved Jen, Lucy, Margaret, and Kelly, who slogged through lackluster versions of this manuscript: this is what you get for being friends with me, you’re welcome (I’m so sorry—ILU). Thank you to my (anonymous) authenticity readers for their important and difficult work. In addition, I’m incredibly fortunate to have the best people working on the art (Lilith, who consistently creates the covers of my dreams, and Rita Frangie and Vikki Chu), production editorial work (Lindsey Tulloch), and copy edits (Janice Lee) for my books. And, of course, the best marketing and publicity team. To Bridget O’Toole, Kim-Salina I, Kristin Cipolla, Tara O’Connor: Hi. I’m sorry if sometimes I go rogue, and I’m sorry about all the crying on Zoom. I truly appreciate you and everything you do for me, and it’s possible that I don’t deserve you, but please don’t leave me. Also, special acknowledgments to my grandeditor, Cindy, and my grandpublicist, Erin. I would also like to thank all the foreign publishing professionals who have acquired and published my books abroad. I am so honored that The Love Hypothesis has reached so many readers, and I owe it all to you! In particular, all my love to my team at Sextante/Arqueiro (and to Frini and Nana) for having me in Brazil and giving me the experience of a lifetime, and to my team at Aufbau (especially Stefanie and Sara) for fitting so many cat cafés and Motel Ones in my memorable Germany visit. When people ask me for writing advice, what I always say is that what matters the most is having a good support network, and mine is fantastic. I owe so much to my Grems, the Berkletes, and all the friends who’ve been so supportive of me in the last two years. In particular, thanks to Lo, Christina, Adriana, and Elena for their constant friendship, mentorship, and guidance. (And okay, fine, thanks to my husband, too, for making really good dinners.) Last, but very much not least: all my gratitude to anyone who has read something I’ve written, ever. Time is a finite and precious resource, and I’m constantly overcome with emotion that people choose to spend it on my words. So thank you, thank you, thank you. Justin Murphy of Out