her there was no chance of that. We were living as frugally as we could with two children, finally beginning to recover from our combined years of graduate school, but we had nothing to spare, and I was soon to be unemployed. The rational part of my brain knew the card wasn’t ours, and neither were the charges, and we probably couldn’t be forced to pay fourteen hundred dollars plus interest if we hadn’t been the ones to spend it. Still, I had grown up hearing my parents’ warnings about credit card debt, and now felt myself edging closer to panic: What if the unexplained charges kept coming and we had to pay all of them? What if we were victims of identity theft and couldn’t prove it and our credit was ruined and we were never able to rent a house or buy a car again? By the time Dan got home, I was talking to another Discover representative, my agitation mounting. It took two minutes for my husband to get the story from me, take the phone, and confirm that we had received the statement in error. The company had no idea why or how our information had been associated with the account, which did belong to someone, just not to us. They promised to send us something in writing verifying that we didn’t owe them anything. Sorry for the inconvenience. Have a great evening. Dan handed my phone back to me, greeted the kids, and started making dinner, as usual. I expect that he forgot about the bill by the next morning. For days, I watched the mail, looking for the promised written confirmation that our errant debt had been cleared. * * * I have never been at ease when I think about money. I can acknowledge the necessity of it, try to earn and save it, share it with others who need it, but having to talk about or seriously plan around it will always make me feel small and afraid. A friend once asked me how much I would need to have in the bank to no longer worry, and I could only laugh. More than I’ll ever have. No one in my family had ever gone to graduate school, and I did not fully anticipate what several years of not maximizing our income, facing every shock and setback without a practical safety net, would mean. When my company laid me off while I was on maternity leave, we found ourselves temporarily living on Dan’s graduate stipend. We expected some relief once he graduated and found a postdoc, but because we’d moved to a far more expensive area and I’d gone back to school, things felt as tight as they had before. Even after I landed another editorial position with a small website and ramped up my freelancing, we couldn’t afford full-time child care for two young children. I learned to juggle my job duties and classwork around my older daughter’s preschool schedule and early intervention services for our younger daughter, who was diagnosed with developmental