thing like typing a letter can open a door you never saw. A transcendent connection. A divine threshold. But if there’s anything I can should say in this moment—when my heart is beating wildly in my chest and I would beg you to come and tame it—is this: your letters have been a light for me to follow. Your words? A sublime feast that fed me on days when I was starving. I love you, Iris. And I want you to see me. I want you to know me. Through the smoke and the firelight and kilometers that once dwelled between us. Do you see me? —C. She lowered the letter but continued to stare at Carver’s inked words. What is a synonym for sublime? Roman had once asked her from his second-story window. As if he were a prince, trapped in a castle. Divine, she had grumbled from below, where she had been watering the garden. Transcendent, Attie had offered, assuming he was writing about the gods. Iris’s heart pounded. She read through Carver’s letter again—I love you, Iris—until the words began to melt into each other, and her eyes were blinking back a sudden flood of tears. “No,” she whispered. “No, it can’t be. This is a mere coincidence.” But she had never been one to believe in such things. Her gaze snagged on Roman’s bag, lying in the center of the floor. He had been so insistent that she grab his bag after he had been injured. She could still hear his voice, vividly. Iris … my bag … I need you … need to get my bag. There’s something … I want you— The world stopped. The roaring in her ears returned, as if she had just crouched through an hour of artillery fire. Carver’s letter slipped from her fingers as she walked to Roman’s bag. She bent down and retrieved it, dried dirt cascading in clumps from the leather. It took her a minute to get the front untethered. Her fingers were icy, fumbling. But at last it was open and she turned it upside down. All his possessions began to spill out. A wool blanket, a few tins of vegetables and pickled fruits. His notepad, full of his handwriting. Pens. A spare set of socks. And then the paper. So many loose pages, fluttering like snow down to the floor. Page after page, crinkled and folded and marked by type. Iris stared at the paper that gathered at her feet. She knew what this was. She knew as she dropped Roman’s bag, as she knelt to retrieve the pages. They were her letters. Her words. First typed to Forest, and then to someone she had known as Carver. Her emotions were a tangled mess as she began to reread them. Her words stung as if she had never once typed them sitting on the floor of her old bedroom, lonely and worried and angry. I wish you would be a coward for me, for Mum. I wish you would set down your gun and rend your