to say.” “Sure there is.” “You promised.” “I know, but—” He took her arm and cocked his head in the direction of the door that led out to a small balcony. “Come out here, let me explain.” They withdrew and closed the balcony door behind them. Peter stood in the middle of the room, drink in hand, looking about uncomfortably. Marion hadn’t expected to see Peter again, not after that strange dinner. But here he was. She should really go and get ready for the next show, but leaving him seemed rude. He gestured to one of the couches. “I guess we’ll have to make small talk until whatever is going on is settled.” She sat, and he did as well. She placed her drink on the coffee table, and he did also. It was like they were playing a game of Simon Says. “How’s the show going?” asked Peter. “Fine, thanks.” Peter leaned forward, elbows on his knees, hands clasped. “Look, to be honest, when Dale said we were going to stop by Radio City, I kind of hoped I’d see you again.” She plastered a vague smile on her face and braced herself for what was coming next. He’d want to take her to dinner, just the two of them, most likely. While it was true that she and Nathaniel were going through a rough patch, she certainly wasn’t interested in going on a date with anyone else. “I wanted to apologize for the way I acted at the restaurant a few weeks ago,” said Peter finally. “For analyzing you without your consent. That was wrong of me.” She hadn’t expected an apology. Peter was looking at her strangely, and it took her a moment to figure out what was different about his gaze. Men tended to have three ways of reacting to Marion: In most cases, they stammered and made terrible jokes in an effort to impress. Others became cold and dismissive, as if they figured they could win her over by taking the opposite tack and throwing her off-balance. Finally, there was a minority of men with inflated egos who had been unexpectedly spurned at one time. They were the most dangerous to interact with, as they tended to be domineering and resentful. Peter wasn’t in the first category. He wasn’t affected by her beauty, not glancing from her neck to her lips to her bustline, unsure of where to look. Nor did he seem cold or resentful. His eyes remained glued on hers—he was simply taking in her reaction to his words. In spite of herself, she blushed. “I appreciate your apology. And yes, I wouldn’t recommend doing that on future dates.” Marion paused. “Even if you were right.” She wasn’t sure why she’d just told him that. Peter was studying her so intently, and being so unabashedly honest, she couldn’t help it. He looked pained. “Even more apologies on my part, then. It was unprofessional.” He cleared his throat. “Look, I know this is awkward. I agreed to meet Dale for a drink but seem to