well,” she’d said. “I’ll do my best.” Now Winnie felt a hand on her arm. “Madam!” It was an usher, barring the way. “Have you got a ticket?” Winnie felt his eyes assessing her shabby coat, and marched back to the lobby. She spent all the cash Mrs. King had given her on a box. Necessary expense, she told herself, trying not to look at the price. They gave her a program for free, which was something. It was printed on silk, the color of peaches and cream. She ran her finger down the acts, searching for one name: Hephzibah Grandcourt. Couldn’t find it. She frowned, looking out over the balcony. There were an awful lot of shopkeepers and cutlery salesmen here. The men wore tartan jackets, luridly patterned, and left their umbrellas in the aisle. Stop being a snob, she reminded herself. She looked odder than they did, a lump of coal in a jewelry box, pins falling out of her hat. Another usher peered in. “Something from the menu?” “Brandy,” she said, summoning her courage. She might as well have asked for a tankard of stout. The usher gave her a wink. Winnie didn’t know if this made her feel better or worse. Her legs were shaking, she noticed. Guilt. Then she heard the door. The creak and rustle of silk. “Well, they’re in a wonderful flap downstairs,” said a voice over her shoulder. “Some charlady’s gone and pinched the best seats in the house.” Winnie steeled herself, and turned around. Her first impression was not of the person standing before her. It was of the person hidden within that person. It was just about possible, if you concentrated, to see the girl who’d once worked in the kitchen at Park Lane twenty years ago. A common house sparrow concealed inside a splendid bird of paradise. Her teeth were bared in a smile, pearls choking her neck, hair gleaming and soaring into the air. But the eyes were the same. Cornflower blue, and wide open. “Hullo, Hephzibah,” said Winnie. She took care to use the new name. It seemed the least she could do. Hephzibah Grandcourt’s eyes didn’t move. She was an actress, after all. She had the most extraordinary control of her face. She’d possessed that skill even when she worked at Park Lane, back in the days when her hands were yellow from the laundry soap and she always smelled of ammonia. She’d had presence then, and she had presence now, and her expression radiated anger. “Who told you I was working down here?” she asked. Winnie straightened. “Nobody. I guessed.” Hephzibah gave off a powerful scent of sugared fruits and almonds, sickly sweet. “I spotted you from behind the stage, of course.” She flexed her fingers. “I simply couldn’t. Believe. My. Eyes.” She skewered Winnie with her gaze. “Did you come for my autograph?” Winnie reminded herself to tread carefully. She had known Hephzibah half her life. And when Hephzibah left Park Lane, eighteen years before, Winnie had stayed in touch, with dogged persistence—sending humdrum letters; buying