a knit scarf because I had no tissues, and turned the car around. It took me a while to find my way home. Everyone else was asleep when I crept in, and I was relieved that I wouldn’t need to face them yet. I crawled into bed and slept for a few hours before waking to the sound of Dan, Cindy, and Rick helping the kids get breakfast. I got dressed, found the car keys, and snuck out the back door without a word to anyone—which, I supposed, I could add to the growing list of things I would need to apologize for. I was too ashamed to tell my mother about my outburst, or that I had come to see her on my own this morning because I wanted her to do something for me; I couldn’t have said what. She was my mom, and I felt sure that she was the one who’d fix all of this, somehow. At the diner, we chose a table under a row of vivid abstract landscapes painted by the owner, as usual drawing a few curious glances from patrons who hadn’t been expecting to see an older redheaded white woman with her Asian daughter. Mom got the Reuben she’d told me she wanted, and I ordered a hearty farmer’s breakfast that made me think of the occasional weekends when my dad would bring me along to the diner where his football pool met. I’d read the Sunday comics and savor my bacon and hash browns while the men, all dads I knew, dissected the week’s games, and afterward I would unstick myself from the Naugahyde bench and my father and I would go to a nearby park. It was always special to have a little time alone with him on the weekend, because he had so few of them off. Sitting in my mother’s favorite diner, a warm, well-lit space filled with chairs and tables painted in a cozy kaleidoscope of colors, I struggled to recall the last time we’d gone out to eat together, just the two of us. Mom and I had never really gotten into having “girls’ days” together, shopping sprees or spa visits without Dan or my dad or the kids. Those things weren’t necessarily her idea of fun, and when we did get to see each other, which wasn’t nearly often enough, she wanted to spend time together as a family. Soon, I knew, we would head back to the Airbnb, and her attention would be on the kids. She asked me if they had any big plans for the day. A gingerbread-house-making party, I told her. Though it was the last thing either of us wanted to talk about, I wondered if I should seize this moment of privacy to once again broach the subject of Mom’s advance directives—she had no living will, and had thus far been resistant to discussing anything that had to do with her last wishes. I had printed the necessary forms and brought them along on this trip, hoping that I could get