woman in a tampon commercial: overjoyed, gorgeous, and impossibly comfortable—ready for any highly physical activity, including but not limited to bowling with friends or getting a piggyback ride from the unobtrusively handsome guy hired by central casting to play my boyfriend. All that to say, I am happy. This is the moment that’s carried me through thankless hospital shifts and the sleepless nights that often follow. For the next week, life will be crisp white wine, creamy lobster rolls, and laughing with my friends until tears stream down our cheeks. A short honk blasts from the parking lot. Even before I open my eyes and see her, I’m smiling. “O Harriet, my Harriet!” Sabrina shouts, half falling out of her dad’s old cherry-red Jaguar. She looks, as ever, like a platinum Jackie O, with her perfectly toned olive arms and her classic black pedal pushers, not to mention the vintage silk scarf wrapped around her glossy bob. She still strikes me the same as that first day we met, like an effortlessly cool starlet plucked from another time. The effect is somewhat tempered by the way she keeps jumping up and down with a poster board on which she’s scrawled, in her god-awful serial- killer handwriting, SAY IT’S CAROL SINGERS, a Love Actually reference that could not, actually, make less contextual sense. I break into a jog across the sunlit parking lot. She shrieks and hurls the poster at the car’s open window, where it smacks the frame and flaps to the ground as she takes off running to meet me. We collide in an impressively uncomfortable hug. Sabrina’s exactly tall enough that her shoulder always finds a way to cut off my air supply, but there’s still nowhere I’d rather be. She rocks me back and forth, cooing, “You’re heeeeere.” “I’m heeeeere!” I say. “Let me look at you.” She draws back to give me a stern once-over. “What’s different?” “New face,” I say. She snaps her fingers. “Knew it.” She loops an arm around my shoulders and turns me toward the car, a cloud of Chanel No. 5 following us. It’s been her signature scent since we were eighteen and I was still sporting a Bath & Body Works concoction that smelled like vodka-soaked cotton candy. “Your doctor does great work,” she deadpans. “You look thirty years younger. Not a day over newborn.” “Oh, no, it wasn’t a medical procedure,” I say. “It was an Etsy spell.” “Well, either way, you look great.” “You too,” I squeal, squeezing her around the waist. “I can’t believe this is real,” she says. “It’s been too long,” I agree. We fall into that hyper-comfortable kind of silence, the quiet of two people who lived together for the better part of five years and still, after all this time, have a muscle memory for how to share space. “I’m so happy you could make this work,” she says as we reach the car. “I know how busy you are at the hospital. Hospitals? They have you move around, right?” “Hospitals,” I confirm, “and nothing