to do when you have guests, you know. Offer food, drinks. I’m a little rusty. Don’t have many visitors but I have some lemonade.” Javier stifles a gag. “I think we’re good.” “Ah well.” Ms. Keane sighs as she sits down in a rocking chair directly across from us. She rests the butt of the gun on the floor. “You’re the kids from the camp.” She sucks her teeth. Her ragged salt-and-pepper hair is hanging around her face like a shroud, but her eyes, black as coal, stand out. “I don’t like it. Not one little bit. It’s not the way things should be.” “I don’t know what you mean, but I want to,” I say. I try sucking up to her again. “I’m looking for my friends. They came out here to talk to you about the camp, about its history. We really want to understand, and they figured you’d be the best person to ask.” Her beady eyes narrow and her mouth turns down. “Its history?” Her unkempt brows push up. “What do you know about it? Can’t be too much or you wouldn’t be here.” I try to judge how quickly I can get to the door, but Ms. Keane is positioned almost directly between it and us. “Well, that’s what my friends came here to find out,” I say as I fight to keep my voice steady. “I heard what you said, Ms. Keane. You said we should be ashamed of ourselves, that if we knew what you know, it might mean something. What did you mean by that?” Ms. Keane rocks back and looks up at the ceiling but keeps her fingers curled around the barrel of the shotgun. “That camp is an abomination. Distasteful if you ask me.” She raises her face to the ceiling again. “How?” I ask. “We don’t know what you mean.” I glance at Javier, who looks down into his lap. Bezi slides her hand onto my leg and squeezes it. Hard. Her eyes are wide, and I realize she’s trying to get me to look at something in her line of sight. I follow her gaze to a window at the front of the house. Kyle’s shadowy silhouette is hovering behind the glass. He’s wildly gesturing to the side of the house, but I can’t make out what he’s trying to tell me. Ms. Keane raises her head and I immediately lower my gaze to the floor. “Did you know that this place is special?” she asks. Her voice has a hollow, faraway tone, like she’s completely disconnected from the fact that she’s holding us hostage. “It’s old. Used to be a glacier lying over the whole place. That’s why you have all these lakes. After the ice melted, the ground opened up like a bunch of starving mouths.” She pauses for a moment before continuing. “Don’t think they were out here when the land was all ice and snow, but the land was here. Sleeping under the ice.” I glance at Bezi, who has a look of utter confusion plastered