feelings about faith, life, and death—he had pastored him, counseled him, heard his confessions for years—but if what he said was true, why had he seen it when my mother and I had not? Had Dad truly spent the past weeks, maybe even months, preparing to die? If he’d known it was imminent, why didn’t he warn my mother? Why didn’t he tell me, his only child, so I could try to say goodbye? I stared at my father in his handmade casket, and the sudden flare of anger I felt was so unlike sorrow that I let myself take momentary refuge in it. If you really knew and didn’t tell us, that was a real dick move, Dad. He did look peaceful, as if he had welcomed death, or at least been ready for it. When we approached to say our final goodbyes, Mom, mostly cried out by then, put her arm around my shoulders, her solid warmth a familiar comfort as always. “Don’t despair,” she told me. “This is our hope in the Resurrection.” The words might have upset me coming from anyone else in that church, anyone else in the world. But I felt her sorrow as something deeper and more powerful than my own, a great river spilling its banks. I couldn’t help but feel awed by her abiding faith in what she saw as my father’s victory over death. She was a warrior, even in grief. Though it was the middle of winter, she had asked that the traditional Paschal Troparion be sung at his grave. Everyone in attendance took a turn with the shovel, dropping earth over his casket with the Easter song of triumph resounding in our ears: Christ is risen from the dead, trampling down death by death, and upon those in the tombs bestowing life. I was no longer a regular Sunday Mass goer. There were too many things that I felt ambivalent about or disagreed with altogether, though when I did make it to church, I still found some reassurance in the rhythm of the liturgy, the prayers I’d known since childhood, the echo of moments when I’d felt a whisper of something like grace. I knew it would always be a link to my parents and how they raised me; now, if I wanted, I could go to Mass and try to believe what I had been taught—that I was touching eternity while earthbound, in communion with my father and everyone I would ever love or lose. As I get older, I’ve found there are some answers I don’t need. I can’t say whether I’ll ever again feel as certain of anything as my parents were of the prevailing mercy of God or the promise of heaven. But it’s also true that the faith you’re raised in can still move fathoms below the surface, even when your relationship to it has changed beyond recognition. As I held my mother’s hand, watching my father’s casket disappear beneath a layer of earth, perhaps I shouldn’t have been surprised to feel the old belief