much the devil was paying me to advocate for him. “What did your mum say?” I ask. “Mum asked if she was an agent of darkness.” I fight a laugh. “Sorry things didn’t work out,” I tell him. “It’s all right,” he says. “It was a year ago, now. We were arguing a lot and I would just think, if you don’t get it now, after everything, will you ever?” He shakes his head. “Sometimes relationships are tricky and things happen.” “Very well said.” He laughs and stubs out his cigarette. “How’s life at OTP?” I breathe out. “I’m going to confront my boss tomorrow.” He smiles. “Did you just decide that now?” “I did.” “Good for you. What atrocities have they been up to?” I tell Sam everything, from Flavor Pairings, to the incident with the milk jug, ending with Love Stories from the Middle East. “You should definitely say something.” “Easy for you to say.” “I know, but I mean it,” he says seriously. “I think when working in white spaces we can feel programmed to not rock the boat; like, we got a foot in the door and we should try to keep that door closed behind us. Which means you begin assigning any and all problematic issues to just being a part of the job. If someone’s not treating you right, you should say so. The milk jug might be difficult to explain—understanding why that shouldn’t have happened requires nuance—but the use of your creative ideas whilst excluding you is an issue that needs to be dealt with. Again, easier said than done, but so worth it in the long run.” I wonder how things would have gone at CGT if I had given Katherine a piece of my mind. Instead I kept quiet, took her abuse, and got fired anyway. “You don’t deserve to have other people’s comments and actions eat away at you five days a week, fifty-two weeks a year. My dad always says: ‘Regardless of how you behave, a lot of things are going to be out of your control because this world was made to test you. Protect your peace in whatever and every way that you can.”’ “Hey, Sam!” Kenny leans over the gate. “Our car’s here—ready to go?” Sam gets to his feet, and I’m reminded of how tall he is. “Coming in?” “No, I might stay here a while longer,” I say. “Thanks for talking to me.” “It was a good talk.” He stops at the gate and calls, “Hey, Maddie?” “Yes?” “Good luck tomorrow,” he says, smiling yet again. “I’m rooting for you.” Chapter Forty When I walk into the office, rough samples of Love Stories sit on my desk with a note: Make sure Kris approves these today. I pull the note aside to read the proposed cover: Love Stories from the Middle East Afra Yazden-Blake & Co & Co? They took my et al. suggestion seriously? I leave the samples there and knock on Penny’s door. When she says “Come in,” I close the door behind me.