a real short bastard and then you got dosed and figured you’d live the frat house movie? Anyone ever explain the concept of age-appropriate relationships to you?” “I’m exactly the age I look, Mr. Sounder,” Richard says, still looking out at the water. “Kinda big-boned, then.” He turns around and looks at me with sharp, cool eyes. “You do that a lot when you talk to people, don’t you? You make obvious jokes. I guess it makes everyone think you’re stupid or crude, but you’re neither.” “Fine, you caught me. Congratulations.” “And now you want me to think I’m smart for noticing.” I look at the other two. They’re not talking. They’re not even saying anything with their faces. Just watching. I look back at Richard and pay attention the way I should have when I came in. Writing bump on his finger. You only get that if you make notes with a pen, and these days you only do that if you want to engage theta rhythm and parietal lobe activity to remember more, understand faster and you’re prepared to do the work. Richard cares about study. “That isn’t something you worry about. You know you’re smart, but you want to be smarter. What were you doing at Roddy Tebbit’s apartment?” “I wanted him to tell me how he lives. He’s—he was—not average. Not normal for a Titan. An outlier. Hes and Miles came with me because I was nervous. Because I’m ordinary. I don’t know how to make sense of it.” “Yeah, you’re just an everyday kid. Nothing weird about it.” “Touché.” I have never heard anyone say “touché” and not sound like a jackass before. He looks away again. There’s a little cluster of diving birds plucking fish from the still water about twenty metres out. “Leukaemia,” Richard says at last. “Some kind of rare variant, got everywhere in me. I used to be able to name it, but it turns out that doesn’t impress anyone. Not even me. I wasn’t doing well.” “They gave you T7.” “Deep radiation first. All the way in.” I think about that a while. I figure they all but killed him. They injected him with a high beta emission preparation. Without the T7 he’d have died in a few days. With it…internal burns, risk of septic shock, pruritus and vomiting. Organ failure, supported externally. Artificial breathing system. Pain on another order. And then recovery. Bone marrow transplants stimulated by the drug, cultured clone cells from all his organs, even the skin. Nerves waking up. He must have been half mad by the end, even if they put him in a coma for the worst part. “Did you choose all that? Or was it chosen for you?” “They tell me I’m Richard Wells.” I look at him and I can almost see it, somewhere in the shape of the head, the set of the eyes. “Wells like Tessa Wells-Khayam; Khayam like Sonny Khayam. Whose father was Jacob Khayam and whose mother is Jeanine Tonfamecasca.” Jeanine being Stefan’s kid sister. Titan genealogy is half census