hair, brushing it until it shines, and inserting my best gold and jade pins to hold and decorate the upswept bun. The red paint on my lips and pink powder on my cheeks stand out even brighter and, I hope, alluringly, above my snow-white gown made of silk as thin and translucent as a cicada’s wing. My mother-in-law would never offer a compliment, but on this day she can’t complain about how I look. “Do you think it will be better for you to be at the front gate, attend the banquet, or be in your bedchamber when my son arrives?” she asks. There is only one correct response. “Though I long to see my husband and every minute apart has been a sword in my heart, I’ll remain in my room. I hope his desires will bring him to me quickly.” Lady Kuo nods her approval. Then, “While my duty is to oversee the banquet for our guests, please be confident that I’ll watch to make sure my son neither eats nor drinks too much. I want him active in the bedchamber.” I bow my head in deference, although it’s hard to imagine what control she might have over my husband in this regard. She raps her knuckles again to dismiss me and then rises to address the room. “We don’t often receive guests in the inner chambers. I expect everyone to be hospitable.” After a pause, she adds, “I realize tomorrow is the day Doctor Wong and Young Midwife pay their monthly call. Their work is too important to cancel. I’ll make sure you each have an opportunity to see them, but please remember that our men are making connections that can build the Yang family’s wealth and reputation. We must do all we can to help by showing these traveling women”—those last words come out of her mouth as though she’s speaking of ghouls—“that we live by the values Confucius and the emperor have set forth.” Not long after she leaves, I tell my daughters to keep working on their embroidery and then retire to my room. Listening to the distant sounds of arrival and greeting, and later the hum from the welcome banquet being held in the second courtyard, I keep returning to my wedding night and the anticipation I felt. The evening crawls toward midnight, but I remain still, so movement won’t smear my makeup or push a single hair out of place. My gown drapes across my lap to the floor. I adjust the fabric so that the toes of my shoes peek out from the puddled silk as an enticement. I am like this—as sublime as a figurine of the Goddess of Mercy in meditation—when Maoren enters. My appearance has the desired effect. “Tonight we will make a son,” my husband says, pulling me into his arms. * * * The next morning, the visitors are already settled in the inner chambers when I enter. Everyone is in attendance, which means that Doctor Wong and Meiling have yet to arrive. My mother-in-law motions for me