over my shoulder at her. “We can tie you up with rope or fabric restraints. No handcuffs and we can’t cover your mouth or nose. We can blindfold you, though. So keep that in mind.” She doesn’t ask any other questions as her friends laugh behind their hands. A younger guy in a black T-shirt chuckles to himself. “This is so stupid. I don’t know why I let y’all talk me into this.” “This camp was established to celebrate the 1983 cult horror classic The Curse of Camp Mirror Lake,” I say, taking full offense. “They shot the movie on these very grounds, and we do our best to re-create the key events from the film.” “So if we’ve seen the movie, we should be all right?” one of the other guys asks. “We’ll already know what’s gonna happen?” “No,” I answer. “We change things up a little.” We change things up a lot, actually. But it’s always fun when the players think watching the movie will give them a leg up. We approach the Crow’s Nest lodging area, and I point out Cabin #2, a log structure with a green metal roof and a brick chimney. “Meet your fellow players in the Western Lodge at eight to start the game.” I hand the brunette the key to Cabin #2. “Hope you all survive the night.” As I leave them to settle in, I make an executive decision. Tonight, there will be no survivors. • • • The guests from Cabin #2, alongside Porter and Tasha posing as other real players, file into the Western Lodge a little before seven. I’m already there. I say hi to them, keeping my head down, making myself as small and invisible as possible. The wig helps. So does the makeup. The brunette doesn’t even recognize that I’m the same girl who checked her in and took her to her cabin. Normally, Felix would do that, and I wouldn’t meet the guests until we all get together in the main lodge. I’m still pissed about that, but I set it aside and focus on the task in front of me. I gently touch the back of my sweater, making sure the battery pack for my earpiece is concealed. I tell the guests my name is Jade and that I’m so excited to be here at Camp Mirror Lake in a southern accent I borrow from my late grandmother. They latch on to my enthusiasm. I watch their eyes brighten, their mouths draw up. The excitement builds like water behind a dam. Everyone is buzzing around the big fireplace as I steal a quick glance at the clock on the wall. It’s 7:59. There’s a rustle of static across the line as my earpiece clicks on. “It’s go time,” Kyle’s voice says. “Remember, Charity says tonight is a no-survivors scenario. Everybody goes down.” He laughs into the mic. “This is my favorite type of game.” Normally, we let a few guests slip through. We let them see the carnage, give them a few near-misses with Kyle, but