insulting a eunuch.” “Your caution is well taken,” Miss Zhao says. The next morning, we wake to the quiet of snowflakes falling from the sky. Poppy helps us bathe and dress in our finest, most elegant clothes. Then Miss Zhao and I drape ermine-lined cloaks over our gowns and leave the room. Considering how many women must serve the thousands of ladies in the Forbidden City, the halls in the Lodge of Ritual and Ceremony are surprisingly silent. I peer at Miss Zhao out of the corner of my eye. She looks unsettled, telling me this is not what she expected either. We step into the courtyard. I hate the cold, but I can appreciate the brutal purity of it. Snowflakes dance in the air, carried by the wind. Icicles hang like ivory chopsticks from the eaves. “It’s rare for snow to come so early here in the north,” Lin Ta says in greeting. Crystalline flakes catch on his eyelashes as he looks upward. Then he returns his gaze to me. “I’ve had coal-heated foot and hand warmers placed in the carriage to make your ride more comfortable.” I appreciate the gesture, but the warmers do little to keep us from shivering. The windows in the carriage are covered by curtains, so we see nothing. We stop a couple of times. “Women for the Great Within,” the driver says to those I presume to be guards. “Let us pass.” We arrive at our destination, and a eunuch opens the door to the carriage. We’re already inside the Forbidden City, surrounded by protective walls four stories high and painted the color of dried blood. Miss Zhao and I are escorted through gate after gate—each one guarded by a pair of elephants. Live elephants. We reach the Eastern Palace, where the women of the imperial household live. I see the usual marble terraces, except they are many times the size of those in the Garden of Fragrant Delights. Every beam and rafter is carved and painted. The courtyards don’t have the lushness with which I’m familiar. Instead, they’re paved and stretch wide and empty under clean white blankets of snow. Eunuchs are everywhere, many of them little boys. What surprises me most is that we see no women. Where are the ten thousand beauties we’ve heard rumored live here? “Wait,” the eunuch orders. He steps through a door. Miss Zhao and I seek each other’s eyes. I reach out and touch her sleeve, trying to send the message that I’m glad she’s with me. The door swings open, and the eunuch motions for us to enter. We glide into a grand hall that could look austere in the severity of its architecture but for the embroidered hangings on the walls and the colorful silk carpets that unfurl underfoot. Perhaps twenty women sit in repose. Each is beautifully dressed in a long, flowing gown, with her hair piled high on her head and decorated with many ornaments and pins. They sit like open petals around a woman who presses a compress to her eyes. She