and her treatment options, helped her take steps to ensure that she could remain secure in her home for as long as she wanted, asked her to voice her final wishes while she still could. Yet I felt precious little relief, now that the job was done. I had been living beyond my parents’ help or easy reach for more than half my life. I had learned how to take care of myself; since I was sixteen, I had been telling them about my choices, only rarely asking them what I should do. While I had been living independently of them, they had also been living independently of me: I was not someone they had regularly consulted when weighing a decision, big or small. They did not rely on me for day-to-day assistance. Even when my mother learned that she was dying, she did not want to uproot what was left of her life and come live with me. I had thought it my responsibility to try to step into my father’s place somehow, even if I had to do so from afar; supporting Mom however she needed, helping her make crucial decisions and live on her own terms for as long as she could, was now my job, wasn’t it? But we’d had so little time to figure out our relationship, learn what it would be without my father. In her view, I was a child, her child—an adult, perhaps, but not a peer. It was not possible for me to replace my dad as her adviser, her right hand. She did not think about leaning on or drawing strength from me, but of protecting me, lifting me up. To her, that was what it meant to be my mother. 18 Life is anything but normal when your mother is dying. I drag the knowledge that I will lose mine through every day, every moment. And yet the first two months of 2020 are normal compared with what will follow. There are so many things I can and do take for granted, like my children’s health, my family’s safety, our daily routines of work and school, my ability to get on a plane and fly anywhere. I travel to Oregon and back again. I attend a conference at the end of February, around the time my mother begins hospice care: I hug colleagues, shake dozens of hands, eat elbow to elbow with strangers in crowded rooms, not knowing that in a few weeks all of this will feel like a fantasy borrowed from another universe. By March, we can’t go an hour without hearing of another emergency cancellation. Businesses, basketball games, book tours, baby showers—every aspect of life, it seems, has been disrupted by COVID-19. The kids’ schools close. We’re asked to stay home, shelter in place, but when the request comes from overburdened nurses and doctors wearing trash bags instead of the medical-grade PPE they need, it sounds more like a plea. We no longer see anyone outside our immediate household, unless it’s over a screen. My best friend one