haven’t seen the three of them side by side before, and it strikes me how strong Yang blood is in them with their full-moon faces, and identical heights, builds, and even the fall of their hair. I also see Doctor Wong for the first time. He’s not at all as I’d imagined. He’s far younger—in his mid-thirties, with high cheekbones, and perfectly formed brows that draw attention to his eyes. He’s clean-shaven, like my husband, and dressed simply but elegantly. I’m on the right side of the aisle with Lady Kuo and a few of the women who rushed to the courtyard in response to my screams. I see Midwife Shi, but Meiling is not in attendance, although I expected her to be here as part of her apprenticeship. Spinster Aunt lies on a table under a sheet of muslin. From my position, I can see the white orchids that beckoned me three nights ago. A man sits at a small table facing us, with his back to the courtyard. He wears a long robe bearing the embroidered insignia of his rank. A black cap rises high on his head with two wings extending over his ears. A sparse beard covers his chin with two long forks of hair like a serpent’s split tongue reaching down his chest. He begins by introducing himself. “I am Magistrate Fu. I am the sole investigator. I can make an arrest. I also serve as the judge and can pronounce the sentence if wrongdoing is found.” He pauses to regard us. Then he continues, speaking deliberately. “I expect truth, and I will order one of the three accepted methods of torture to assure it—beating with a stick, ankle squeezers for men, and finger squeezers for women—if need be. Those who lie or falsify evidence will receive one hundred blows from a heavy rod as set forth by the Board of Punishments.” The magistrate falls silent to let us absorb this information. Then, “All inquests must take place in front of the assembled family and the accused, if there is one, so that good and evil can meet face-to-face, without secrets, without bureaucracy, without opportunity to shield parents, grandparents, siblings, or servants, or allow the guilty party to avoid the results of his or her actions.” He pulls on one of the tails of his beard. “Nothing is more serious than a capital case, if this indeed turns out to be one. No piece of evidence can be treated lightly. If even one tiny mistake is made, the repercussions can stretch ten thousand li.” He proceeds with official language to note the date, the province, the prefecture, and the names and titles of those in attendance. He then reads from a paper on the table before him. “We are assembled today to determine what led to the death of Yang Fengshi, known by her family as Spinster Aunt. From the honorific by which she was addressed, I understand she was never married. She was seventy years of age.” Yang Fengshi. How could I not have known her