I’m not sure if I will ever understand. When the kids and I call her another day, she is looking more like her old self, perhaps because she’s wearing her glasses—nearsighted as she is without them, I’ve noticed she rarely has them on for our video calls—and one of my father’s old Cleveland Browns T-shirts. I can tell that she is weak, and she has lost more weight, though she says that she still eats well. From the sound of her voice, she has recently woken from a nap. She holds up the flowers we sent her and thanks us, but even from the other side of a screen I can see that the online shop I ordered from has failed us. More than half the blooms are wilted. * * * May rolls around, and toward the end of one particularly long day, I text a friend: I think Mom forgot my birthday. It’s understandable, I think. It’s more and more difficult for her to talk on the phone or over Skype. She’s on pain meds that are only available to the dying, the kind of medication she refused when she first started hospice care, and she is sleeping more often. I wouldn’t be surprised if she no longer keeps close track of the days. I’m about to head upstairs to get ready for bed when my phone rings. Mom flashes on the screen. My breath catches. When I answer, she doesn’t even say hello. We both know why she is calling. “Happy birthday to you . . .” She sings with as much life as she can, more than I’ve heard from her in days. I wonder if I should tell her to save her strength. I know this call is an effort. But I also know that she called because she believes this is important: she’s my mother, and she has a job to do. After I left home, my parents called on every birthday to sing to me—Dad in his gravelly baritone, Mom enthusiastic and slightly off-key—and she has continued the tradition alone since he died. She always sends me a card, too, and sometimes flowers, but the birthday call is the most important part of the long-distance celebration: sacrosanct, for all that I have taken it for granted. “Happy birthday to you . . .” After she sings the first two lines, she takes a shuddery breath and surprises me with an edit. “Your mom didn’t forget your birthday, and she really loves you.” Tears are rolling down my face. My husband, sitting next to me on the couch—close enough to have heard my mother singing—reaches over to take my hand, squeezing it hard. All of us know it’s the last birthday call. I manage to thank her with only a little wobble in my voice. “Well, of course,” she says. “I just woke up from a nap and thought, I’d better call Nikki. I’m glad I made it in time.” 21 The week after Mother’s Day, her hospice nurse calls me. “She had a great day!