and lifeguard tower, but it’s impossible to tell if it’s actually Mirror Lake or not. “It was private,” Paige says. “The clipping made it sound like only rich folks could bring their kids up to the camp.” Porter crosses and uncrosses his legs like he can’t get comfortable. He avoids my eyes as I shift my gaze to him. “Porter?” I ask. “Something you want to share?” He purses his lips and then sighs. “In my defense, I thought it was a prop left over from when they shot the movie, so I didn’t bring it up.” A little ripple of unease pulses through me. “What are you talking about?” Porter sighs and clasps his hands together in front of him. “I was doing a walk-through when I first got hired, just tryna get a good handle on the layout of the camp, and I found something out there behind the supply shed.” He leans forward. “There was this mound of dirt. It looked out of place, so I went to check it out.” He pinches the bridge of his nose. “It was all overgrown, but on the back side there was wood sticking out. Like an upside-down canoe. The letters on the side said ‘Camp Mirror Lake.’ ” I exhale in frustration. “You didn’t think I should know about that?” Porter shrugs. “Like I said, I thought it was a prop. Maybe it is. I don’t know.” “Okay, well, so what?” Kyle asks. “Why do we care if it was a summer camp?” He’s right, I guess. I guess it doesn’t matter, but it doesn’t sit right with me. Did Mr. Lamont know? And if so, why hide it? “What did that lady with the shotgun say?” Bezi suddenly asks. She thinks for a minute. “If we knew what she knows? Do you think this camp has something to do with what she was saying?” “Wish we knew for sure that it even existed,” Tasha says. Paige huffs and slumps down in her seat. “It did.” “We could ask my grandma,” Javier offers. We all turn to look at him. “Why?” Kyle asks. “She was born in Groton,” he says. “And she’s nosy. She’s always in everybody’s business, especially the old ladies she plays cards with on Saturdays.” Javier readjusts himself on the blankets. “My grandma’s . . . ​protective. I’m her favorite grandkid. She has, like, twenty. So it’s a big deal.” Kyle bats his eyes dramatically. “Oh, that’s so cute. You’re Grandma’s favorite?” “Shut up,” Javier says. “The point is that there was no way she was gonna let me work at a horror-simulation camp. So I made some shit up so she wouldn’t worry. Told her it was a summer camp. When I told her it was up here in the woods, she started acting weird.” “Weird?” Kyle asks. “What’s that mean?” “She was asking me not to go,” Javier says. “Then she was telling me not to go. She said I wasn’t allowed to take the job but bills gotta get paid and she’s only getting her