He marched straight in, already talking. “...and the windows are facing full west—it’s absolutely scorching in here. I don’t know how you can stand it...” Her voice had no effect on him at all. * * * Lord Ashley sat with his back to the window. A boy, really, thought Miss de Vries, the longer she looked at him. Ugly or handsome, she couldn’t decide. He had a mean face, and his hair ended in a curl that seemed to be slicked to his forehead. He stretched his legs out wide, heels scudding the carpet. Mr. Lockwood managed the conversation, and Miss de Vries had to give him credit: he knew what he was doing. The topics seemed disconnected. Lord Ashley’s stables, his judgment of the railways, the expense of motoring, the vulgarity of Americans. But Lockwood knitted them together neatly, making an occasional jotting in his notebook, smiling throughout. “I agree,” said Miss de Vries at intervals. They’d agreed she would say nothing more. Modesty, moral rectitude, dignity—she radiated these virtues, unrelentingly, unendingly, maintaining perfect posture. “But you can’t care for town in the summer,” Lord Ashley said to Lockwood, but his eyes were on Miss de Vries. “You can’t possibly intend to keep this house.” There was a silence, a stretched-out moment. That was an opening gambit. Miss de Vries put down her cup. “I...” “And you know we don’t like the look of the books. You’re vastly overextended. Has your man told you my view?” Miss de Vries saw Mr. Lockwood’s face go taut. It was the impertinence of it. That the house of de Vries was considered so vulgar, so lowborn, that it was perfectly reasonable to debase it. That you might eschew good manners, cross your legs and slurp your tea, and simply haggle without any hint of compunction. “I don’t have a head for business,” said Miss de Vries, making her voice gentle, “but I know my father left his estate in perfect order.” A little white lie, an entirely fair one. Lockwood said quickly, “We have a most extremely rigorous handle on the household’s affairs.” Lord Ashley shook his head. “But you’re still in gold! You should get out of that, for a start. And the loans are a joke. They should be axed at once.” Miss de Vries sipped her tea. “By the way,” added Lord Ashley—and something twisted in his tone. “What’s all this talk about your old man’s funny business?” Mr. Lockwood went still. “Talk?” said Miss de Vries. She studied her fingers. Mr. Lockwood cleared his throat. “People say all sorts of things.” Lord Ashley was watching her. It was the first time he’d looked straight in her direction. “I’m not necessarily objecting,” he said with a testy laugh. Miss de Vries pushed back her chair. In this house there were all sorts of boxes. Drawers and vessels and canisters and cases beyond counting. They contained all manner of things. Some were left unlocked. Some were soldered with lead, encased in marble, locked up behind bars, buried in the ground. What