the whole ordeal has left me furious and bitter. Especially toward Mr. Gurlain. It wasn’t my plan to return to the agency. But my search for new employment has been a total bust. I’ve filled out dozens of applications for jobs I didn’t want but was crushed anyway when I never got called in for an interview. Stocking shelves at a supermarket. Manning the cash register at a drugstore. Flipping burgers at that new McDonald’s with the playground out by the highway. Right now, Gurlain Home Health Aides is my only option. And even though I hate Mr. Gurlain, I hate being unemployed more. “You have a new assignment for me?” I say, trying to make this as quick as possible. “I do,” Mr. Gurlain says. “The patient suffered a series of strokes many years ago and requires constant care. She had a full-time nurse—a private one—who departed quite suddenly.” “Constant care. That means—” “That you would be required to live with her, yes.” I nod to hide my surprise. I thought Mr. Gurlain would keep me close for my first assignment back, giving me one of those nine-to-five, spend-a-day-with-an-old-person jobs the agency sometimes offers at a discount to locals. But this sounds like a real assignment. “Room and board will be provided, of course,” Mr. Gurlain continues. “But you’d be on call twenty-four hours a day. Any time off you need will have to be worked out between you and the patient. Are you interested?” Of course I’m interested. But a hundred different questions keep me from instantly saying yes. I begin with a simple but important one. “When would the job start?” “Immediately. As for how long you’d be there, well, if your performance is satisfactory, I see no reason why you wouldn’t be kept on until you’re no longer needed.” Until the patient dies, in other words. The cruel reality about being an at-home caregiver is that the job is always temporary. “Where is it located?” I ask, hoping it’s in a far-flung area of the state. The further, the better. “Outside of town,” Mr. Gurlain says, dashing those hopes. They’re revived a second later, when he adds, “On the Cliffs.” The Cliffs. Only ridiculously rich people live there, ensconced in massive houses atop rocky bluffs that overlook the ocean. I sit with my hands clenched in my lap, fingernails digging into my palms. This is unexpected. A chance to instantly trade the dingy ranch home where I grew up for a house on the Cliffs? It all seems too good to be true. Which must be the case. No one quits a job like that unless there’s a problem. “Why did the previous nurse leave?” “I have no idea,” Mr. Gurlain says. “All I was told is that finding a suitable replacement has been a problem.” “Is the patient . . .” I pause. I can’t say difficult, even though it’s the word I most want to use. “In need of specialized care?” “I don’t think the trouble is her condition, as delicate as it might be,” Mr.