or perhaps my presence. “And, of course, most of my interactions have been confined to the common fae. I’ve studied the enchantments left behind by the courtly fae—the tall ones—as well as numerous firsthand accounts, but I’ve never met one.” Besides Bambleby, perhaps. “May I ask if you’ve encountered the Hidden Ones yourself?” She picked up her knitting. “My money is on a month. Krystjan gave me poor odds. Please don’t disappoint me—I need a new roof.” “Here we are,” Finn said, setting a bottle of mulled wine on the table. “I hope this will do, Amma.” “Idiot,” Thora said. “Ulfar’s stuff tastes like piss. How many times have I told you?” Finn only sighed and turned to me. “Aud would have me ask if everything is to your liking.” “Thank you, yes,” I said, though I had not yet tasted the stew. “Thora is your grandmother?” “She’s grandmother to half the village, give or take.” Thora made that rude sound again. The door swung open, admitting a swirl of cold, and a dishevelled figure stood framed against the darkness. It appeared roughly woman-shaped, but it was difficult to tell given the many layers of coats and shawls. The figure did not proceed further, but simply stood upon the threshold with the night billowing at her back. “Auður,” called Aud, then she went to the stranger’s side, murmuring something. The firelight fell upon her face, revealing a young woman in her middle twenties, her mouth slack, her eyes darting ceaselessly without appearing to see. She gripped Aud’s arm tightly, and when Aud directed her to a chair, she sat in a boneless slump. Curious, I drifted to the woman’s side. “Is she well?” Aud stiffened. “As well as can be expected.” Ulfar set a bowl of stew before the girl. Auður did not look at it, or him. “Eat,” Aud said in Ljoslander. Auður picked up her spoon and mechanically filled her mouth, chewed, and swallowed. “Drink,” Aud said. Auður drank. I watched them with growing confusion. There was something both uncanny and abhorrent about the way in which Auður responded to Aud’s instructions, like a puppet on strings. Aud saw me watching, and her face darkened. “I would ask that you refrain from including my niece in your book,” she said. I understood, and gave a slight nod. “Of course.” I know of several species of Folk who are in the habit of abducting mortals for the thrill of breaking them. In truth, it is something most of the courtly fae are given to on occasion. I once met a Manx man whose daughter had taken her own life after a year and a day spent in some horrific faerie kingdom so lovely that its beauty became as addictive as opiates. Others have endured torments and returned so changed their families barely recognize them. But in Auður’s manner and expression, its scrubbed-clean quality, I found something I’d never encountered before. And for all my expertise, it sent a shiver of foreboding through me, a sense that perhaps, for the first time