were looking for on their imperial tour?—and they don’t go down smoothly. Maoren looks as though he’s swallowed a lizard and it’s trying to escape back up his throat. His Dragon scheming didn’t work in the way he’d hoped. “Go to her,” he says, refusing to call Meiling by her name or her title. “Remind her where this opportunity comes from. Make her see how important it is to help the Yang family.” I don’t know what he hopes I’ll achieve, but he arranges for a palanquin to take me straightaway to Meiling’s home—openly, without any secret ploys or tricks to deceive his mother. When I arrive at Grace Tranquility Teas, Midwife Shi has her mouth set in a grim slit as she tries to wrangle a room filled with demanding customers. The news of Meiling’s good fortune has already spread and is serving as an enticement to patrons who hope some of this family’s luck will rub off. I slip through the crowd and up the back stairs to find Meiling and Kailoo in the main room, standing before an open trunk, surrounded by piles of clothes and shoes. “I don’t think anything I own is right for the palace,” Meiling says when she sees me. “They haven’t requested you for the quality of your silks and brocades,” I respond. “That’s what I’ve been telling her.” Kailoo’s face shines with pride. “Perhaps I can help,” I say. Apparently, these are the exact words Kailoo has longed to hear, for he leaves the room in seconds. Meiling shakes her head and smiles. “I will miss him.” I approach and take her hands. “And I will miss you.” She draws away. “I’m scared.” “Of the trip? Don’t be. You’ll be on the Grand Canal for five weeks, maybe shorter, weather and conditions permitting. You remember that I once traveled—” “I’m not afraid of the journey. They want me to care for women in the court!” “So Maoren has told me.” I pause, hoping my serenity will calm her. “You are the best midwife in Wuxi.” “But there are cities much larger than this one, where midwives must have greater skills—” “Those midwives didn’t meet the right people,” I point out. “Even if they did, I doubt many would have your refinement.” “But what if I have to treat the empress?” I laugh at the idea, and she joins in. Once I’ve collected myself, I say, “Even if this were so, does Empress Zhang have a childbirth gate different from yours or mine or any woman’s across our great country?” Meiling acknowledges this truth with a dip of her chin, but her worried expression remains. “If anything should go wrong—” “They requested you because Lady Liu and Widow Bao saw you at work.” “I was only passing messages!” “You gave Doctor Wong the diagnosis,” I correct her. “Besides, do you honestly think their inquiries stopped after that day?” “Emissaries came to speak with Doctor Wong,” she admits. “He must have said good things about me—” “Because your light shines on him too. The same