or crazy teeth or a unibrow. Not that any of those things are bad. Distinctive features make a face unique, and that’s a good thing. But it’s also true that the most generic faces are consistently rated as the best-looking. Like, the more you look like a composite of everyone, the more we all like you. This guy was as close to a composite as I’d seen in a while. Short, neat hair. A proportional forehead, nose bridge, jaw, and chin. Perfectly placed cheekbones. A straight nose with stunningly symmetrical nostrils. And you couldn’t draw better ears. Flawless. Not too flat, but not too protruding. With perfect plump little earlobes. I am a bit of an earlobe snob. Bad earlobes could really be a deal-breaker for me. Not kidding: I’ve complimented people on their earlobes before. Out loud. Which never goes well, by the way. There are tricks to making a face look appealing when you’re drawing a portrait. Humans seem to find certain elements universally appealing, and if you emphasize those, the person looks that much better. This is a scientific thing. It’s been studied. The theory is that certain features and proportions elicit feelings of “aww, that’s adorable” in us, which prompts caregiving behaviors, affection, and an urge to move closer. In theory, we evolved this reaction in response to baby faces, so we’d feel compelled to take care of our young, but when those same features and patterns crop up in other places, on other faces, we like them there, too. We can even find sea cucumbers adorable, from the right angle. Or the man who’s attempting to pay for our wine and dog treats. Because in addition to his generic handsomeness, this guy also had elements in his features—invisible to the untrained eye—that subliminally established cuteness. His lips were smooth, and full, and a warm, friendly pink that signified youth. His skin was clear in a way that evoked good health. And the real clincher was the eyes—slightly bigger than average (always a crowd-pleaser) with a slight melancholic downturn at their corners that gave him an irresistible sweet puppy-dog look. I guarantee this guy got every woman he ever wanted. But that was his business. I had a forgotten-wallet situation to deal with. And a last-minute party to host. “It’s fine,” I said, waving my hands at him and rejecting his offer to pay for my stuff. “I don’t mind,” he said, pulling his wallet out of his jeans. “I don’t need your help,” I said, and it came out a little harsher-sounding than I meant. He looked from me—purseless—to the counter of stuff I had yet to pay for. “I think maybe you do.” But I wasn’t having it. “I can just run home for my purse,” I said. “It’s no problem.” “But you don’t have to.” “But I want to.” What part of I don’t need your help did this guy not understand? “I appreciate the gesture, sir,” I said then. “But I’m fine.” “Why are you calling me sir? We’re, like, the same age.” “Sir