stroller, a young Portland mom with an undercut and two sleeves of tattoos. Her gaze lingers on Finn before she abruptly looks away, either embarrassed to be caught staring or convincing herself that he’s not who she thinks he is. Maybe she’ll google him later, wonder if she really did spot him. “It’s not that I don’t love discussing the merits of various Northwest cities,” I say. “But if you’re going to fire me, could you just get it over with?” Finn stops walking. “Fire you? Why would I do that?” He glances around us, making sure we’re alone, and I wonder if this is something he’s gotten used to doing over the years. If he’s simply accustomed to not having privacy, even with his relative low level of fame. Back when the show was on, though, it must have been relentless. It strikes me that I’m deeply curious to hear what he’d have to say about that. “The thing is,” he says, voice low. “I’m actually kind of glad you told me the truth.” I’m too stunned to respond, certain I’ve misheard him. “I mean, am I completely fucking embarrassed? Did I want to crawl into a hole last night? Yes, absolutely. But the honesty was . . . I don’t know. Refreshing.” Huh. That was not at all what I expected. “We really can forget about it,” I say, still unsure how to navigate this. “Like we said, it was just a onetime thing between semi-coworkers, and I didn’t want to upset you—” “I’m not upset,” he says calmly. He lets out a long sigh. “After I got back to my room, I did something I’m not proud of. I . . . called one of my exes.” “I don’t need to hear the graphic details of your booty call.” His eyes grow wide. “I called her to talk,” he says, sounding horrified. “We’re still close—we talk all the time. So I swallowed down whatever meager amount of pride I had left and asked her about it. What it had been like, when we were together. And Hallie”—he breaks off with a cough—“hadn’t ever been one hundred percent happy in that department, either.” I’m speechless. He called his ex-girlfriend, Hallie Hendricks, who played his love interest on The Nocturnals, to ask if she was satisfied in bed. And she told him no. “That’s—that’s just two people,” I manage, unsure why he’s sharing this with me. We’ve crossed yet another boundary. “And she’s an actor, in all fairness. She probably made it sound, um, more realistic than most.” “I may have texted a couple others, too.” He rubs at the back of his neck, sheepish. “There also may have been alcohol involved. Not my finest hour, I’m sorry to say. And, well, it only got worse.” He moves his eyes from the sidewalk up to me, that blush back on his cheeks. “The consensus seems to be that no matter who my partner is, I’ve never been able to make it . . . mind-blowing.” It must be intentional, the way