portraits of myself already.” “So,” I went on, businesslike. “Let’s just say you can have whatever you want.” “Whatever I want?” he asked, like it was too good to be true. “Within reason,” I said. “If you want me to paint something for you, or if you want me to buy you dinner or give you an art lesson, maybe. Whatever you can think of.” “Are you giving me a blank check?” he asked. “No!” “Sounds like a blank check to me.” “I’m saying you and I can find a mutually agreed-on form of payment at some point.” “So in other words,” Joe said, the delight of teasing me pretty clear in his voice, “a blank check.” Eighteen SUE’S ELOPING WAS a bummer for many reasons. One, I’d be missing my best friend’s wedding. Two, all the stuff I was about to do to Joe was nerve-racking to say the least. He had no idea what he was in for. And three, Sue had promised to be my date to the art show. Which was the worst bummer of all. Because when you have to do something genuinely scary, it’s nice to have a friend. I’d be all alone. Just standing straight and brittle with crazy eyes and a quavery smile all night while I waited for a bunch of portrait critics in tortoiseshell glasses to render judgment on my talent, my value as a human being, and my entire future. So, yeah. Was eloping to Canada really more important than keeping me from dying of misery? I could see both sides. Anyway, Sue had been fully on board to help me survive it all. Until she got kidnapped, that is. I suppose it was possible I’d astonish us all and win this art show. But I didn’t love my odds. That said—I had just enough hope to keep going. That’s the dark underbelly of hope that nobody ever talks about. How it can skew your perspective. How it can keep you in long past when any reasonable person would’ve been out. How it can land you in your own apartment on a random Tuesday night—annotating your downstairs neighbor’s nose-to-lip dimensions with a tape measure. “You don’t have to hold your breath,” I kept telling Joe. “Right. Got it.” He was more nervous than he’d expected to be. I could tell from his posture. And how very scrubbed clean he was—like maybe he’d taken a shower and a half. Even from the cautious way he’d walked across the rooftop toward my door. Almost like he had half a mind to turn around. “It’s harder than it seems, huh?” I said. “Trigonometry is hard. Climbing El Capitan is hard. Landing on the beaches of Normandy is hard. This is just … sitting here.” “Sitting here while a total stranger measures every square inch of your face.” “You’re not a total stranger.” “You’re right. I’m worse. You know me just enough for this to be super awkward.” “I don’t feel awkward,” Joe said. “Yeah, you do.” I’d made a graph on a canvas and