step. “Go ahead.” He sits beside me. “Why are you nervous?” I ask. “I have an important meeting tomorrow.” “It’ll be fine.” He turns to me and that easy smile I remember slides seamlessly into place. “How do you know that?” “I don’t, but it’s nice to hear, isn’t it?” He nods. “You’ve done a great job with this party, by the way; Em was just telling us and Cam was quick to acknowledge how much of it was down to your execution.” I frown. “Eugh, Jo must think I’m such a loser. We … we’re not really that close.” “No, she was touched,” Sam assures. “But if you’re not that close, why do so much?” I shrug. “I had amends to make, plus I like making an effort for other people. Turns out, I’m a bit of a people pleaser. It’s something I’m working on. But I just like the idea of people being happy because I know how great it is to feel happy, if that makes any sense.” He draws from his cigarette. “Are you generally sad?” I look at him and he doesn’t turn away. “Yes,” I answer. “Sometimes I’m really sad. It sounds like a childish word to use and ‘depressed’ is the adult equivalent, but for me ‘sad’ works best.” “What causes it?” I’m surprised by his genuine interest and once again hear those words from Mum about keeping our matters private. “Sometimes, nothing,” I tell him. “It’s been a rough couple of months. I got fired from a job I hated, was dumped by my boyfriend after finding out he was someone else’s boyfriend, and then, as you already know, my dad died.” “Yes, I remember. Do you want to talk about it?” “No.” “Want to trash-talk the ex-boyfriend?” he offers. “What was his name?” “Ben.” “He sounds like a dick.” I shrug. “It was my first real relationship, if I can call it that. I didn’t love him, but it hurts knowing I got a different man than the one his actual girlfriend did. She got the better version of him; he gave her the better version of him. I don’t see why I’m good but not good enough,” I say quietly. “I once thought, maybe I should only date Black men who date Black women because maybe I’d never feel let down, well, in that area anyway. I wouldn’t have to psychoanalyze their actions toward me or think thrice about something they’ve said or feel misunderstood or like too much effort to understand and maybe, just maybe, I could end up being loved—just for who I am.” When I look at Sam, his mouth is slightly open. “Shit,” I say. “Sorry, that really brought the mood down. I’m experimenting with honesty. Erm, so what’s tomorrow’s meeting about?” He smiles sadly. “I’m really sorry someone made you feel that way, Maddie.” “Life lesson, I suppose.” “Yeah, dating gives you a lot of those.” We both look at each other. “Bad experience yourself?” “You could say that.” I think he means to stop there but