grateful to Marie Howe, whose words have long been a source of solace and inspiration, for permitting me to title this book with a phrase from her poem “For Three Days” and excerpt “What the Living Do” within. The quotations from Saint John Climacus’s The Ladder of Divine Ascent are from the 2012 Revised Edition by the Holy Transfiguration Monastery in Brookline, Massachusetts, translated by Father Lazarus Moore. A Living Remedy exists thanks to the skill and abiding faith of Ecco publisher Helen Atsma, my editor and fellow Oregonian. From our first conversation, it was clear how much she believed in and understood this book, two things that remained true even as the story I thought I would write gave way to something new and far more arduous. Thank you, Helen, for helping to make this the book it needed to be, and for the abundant grace and care you’ve shown me. Warmest gratitude to my agent, Maria Massie, source of so much compassionate advice, whose dedication and thoughtfulness has made all the difference in my career: how lucky I am to have you in my corner. To Carrie Frye, who’s had to listen to me talk about this book for longer than anyone else, and whom I was thrilled to collaborate with after years of trading editorial quips and metaphors: thank you for believing when I didn’t, seeing what I couldn’t, and not letting me go onstage with my kilt on my head. I have the most brilliant and supportive publishing team, and am forever indebted to the all-star crew at Ecco Books, including Sonya Cheuse, Jin Soo Chun, Meghan Deans, Caitlin Mulrooney-Lyski, Miriam Parker, and Rachel Sargent. Many thanks to Michael Taeckens of Broadside PR. And Vivian Rowe, your cover is a dream—a poem in and of itself. Heartfelt thanks to Julie Buntin, Kat Chow, Yuka Igarashi, Megha Majumdar, Imani Perry, and Bryan Washington for their generosity, care, and early reads. Jasmine Guillory, I treasure our friendship and genuinely don’t know where I’d be without you. Crystal Hana Kim and R. O. Kwon, sisters and stalwarts of the group chat, I am thankful for you every day. Much gratitude to Kristie Ahola, Angela Chen, Nicole Cliffe, Tope Fadiran, Alyssa Keiko Furukawa, Elon Green, Taylor Harris, Anna Hetherington, Danny Lavery, Karen Maeda Allman, Rita Maldonado, Rebecca Onion, Greg Pak, Samantha Powell, Chanda Prescod-Weinstein, Ingrid Rojas Contreras, Jaya Saxena, Christina Tucker, Esmé Weijun Wang, Maria Wheeler, and Jess Zimmerman. Tajja Isen, Matt Ortile, Stella Cabot Wilson, Allisen Hae Ji Lichtenstein, Leah Johnson, Arriel Vinson, Gabrielle Bellot, Eliza Harris, Sirin Thada: I’m always rooting for you. I continue to be grateful for the ongoing efforts of Megan Fishmann and Lena Moses-Schmitt at Catapult and Elaine Trevorrow at EMT Agency. Thank you to all the booksellers and librarians and educators who have stocked or shared my books (special shoutout to Hannah, Christine, and Amy at Loyalty Books for setting up a signed preorder campaign in record time, during a week when half of us were on vacation!). And sincere thanks to all those who’ve