many other windows. If it all works out, of course. I could fail terribly.” “I doubt that very much.” “I’m grateful for having been a Rockette. It was a crash course in handling the grind of performing in show after show. Of how hard that is on the body. You can’t do it forever, and then what?” She sounded like her father. “Well,” said Peter, “you can always become a professional baseball player, with your ability to leap and catch.” The newspapers had gone wild over the news of Marion’s heroism, but she’d ignored any entreaties to tell her story. It would all die down soon enough, she hoped. “You think the Yankees would have me?” “They’d be crazy not to.” He held her gaze. “I learned something else,” said Marion. “The director of the show I’ve been hired for is the same one who hired my mother all those years ago.” She ran through her conversation with Mr. Noble and how it had completely changed her opinion of her mother, not to mention that of her father. “It’s such a relief to know she was planning on coming back to us. It changes everything.” “You’re still the same person. A courageous, bright, and generous woman who lights up any room she’s in. That doesn’t change, no matter who your parents are. But I’m glad you know the truth.” Impulsively, Marion leaned over and gave him a quick kiss on the lips. He pulled back, looking surprised, and ran a hand through his hair so that his curls stood on end. The sound of the waiter clearing his throat brought her to her senses. She blushed as the dinner was served, embarrassed at her rash act. “Any news from the police on the case?” she asked, collecting herself enough to eat. She hadn’t had a bite all day and was starving. The roast duck was superb. “The first step is for them to determine Martinek’s fitness to stand trial. That will take some time.” “Do you think he should stand trial?” “I think he’s mentally ill. But I guess the question is, was he unfit when all this began, sixteen years ago? It’s a fascinating case, really.” “As long as he’s off the streets, I don’t care if he’s in a prison or an asylum.” She paused. “Oh my gosh, what if he ends up at Creedmoor? And you’re his doctor? Now, that would be a strange twist.” Peter stiffened slightly. “Right, in fact, there’s been a development there.” “What kind?” “Like you, I was offered a new job today.” “Really?” She could easily picture him working with the police, advising them on cases. In an exhilarating rush, she imagined them taking the city by storm together, meeting up over dinner in his loft at the end of the day to exchange stories. She remembered the way he’d gently stroked her hair when she was lying in his bed, and a shiver of desire ran through her. “It’s with the FBI,” Peter said. “They want me to start up a new department