help Bezi get her headset on. “Just leave the channel open—that way you won’t have to toggle it on and off,” I say. “One of us should get to the control center and see if the cameras are still working. The lock on that outside door is the real deal, so you can lock yourself in there and be pretty safe.” “I’ll go,” Kyle says. “If the cameras are working, we can just avoid these weirdos until help gets here.” “Should we all go to the control center?” Bezi asks. “Just lock ourselves in there?” “I know that’s probably what we should do,” I say. “But Paige might still be out there, and maybe if we can listen in on these people, we can find out if they know where she is.” “I thought we were gonna hide,” Bezi says. “Now we gotta get close to them?” “I’m not saying we go hunt them down. I’m just saying we need to keep our ears open in case they let something slip about Paige or Heather or Jordan.” Bezi nods, but fear is stretched across her face, pulling the corners of her mouth down. I close my hand over hers. Suddenly, there’s a loud click, and the porch light on the lodge goes out. My phone buzzes, signaling to me that it’s not charging anymore. The always-present electrical hum stops, and silence swallows the lodge whole. “The power,” Kyle whispers. My heart ticks up. “The generator will keep the control center running for a few more hours. We gotta get over there.” Kyle sighs and pulls something out of his back pocket—the ghostlike mask he uses during the game. “Put it on,” I say. He slips the mask over his head. “That’s terrifying,” Bezi whispers. “When you get to the control center, talk to me on the headset so we know you’re safe,” I say. Kyle nods, takes a deep breath, and exits the lodge through the rear door. I lock it behind him, and then Bezi and I uncover the hatch in the kitchen floor. I slip my flashlight out of my pocket and shine it down the tunnel. “Electricity’s out down there too.” I lean back and sigh. “If those lights are out, that means power to the main breaker is out. Everything in the entire camp is off that’s not battery powered.” “Shit,” Bezi says. “So what do we do?” I cup my hand over my earpiece as I pick up the half-empty can of bear spray and slip it into my pocket. “Kyle? You okay?” There’s a rustling on the channel. The static is bad, but after a moment, Kyle’s voice breaks through. “Yeah. I’m going . . . ​ the pier. I thought . . . saw something by . . . lake.” “What? What did you see?” “I don’t know,” he says, his voice tight. “Like . . . ​something white . . . feathers.” My hands are slick with sweat as I try to keep my voice level. “Keep going. Do not stop. Tell me when