she instinctively went after it, taking four or five running steps before pushing off as hard as she could. She rose high into the air, the result of years of training, and with her legs long and her arms and fingers fully outstretched she was just able to grasp the pipe bomb as it began its descent. She closed her fingers around it and landed, skidding to a stop. By then, the audience was in full panic mode, screaming and trying to scatter, falling over each other as they tried to get to the exits, their hands filled with coats and purses. The high-pitched wails of children rose into the air. “Go!” shouted Marion to the dancers onstage. The dancer playing Mary nodded and began directing everyone off stage left, away from the bomb. Marion was holding a bomb in her hand, the same kind that had killed Judy and injured dozens. She had no idea when Martinek had set the timer for, or if, having been manhandled, it was more likely to explode at any moment. She stifled the impulse to drop it and run. A hay bale, part of the nativity scene, sat on the stage a few feet away from where Marion had landed. She thrust the pipe bomb deep inside. She had no idea if that would make any difference if it went off, but right then she had to stop Martinek from leaving. That had been Peter’s job, but he was gone. It was up to her. She ran back to the edge of the stage, to the stairs. Martinek was heading up the aisle with the rest of the crowd. She shouted and pointed at him, hoping someone in the crowd would help, but the members of the audience were too busy fighting their way out of the theater and her voice was lost among their panicked cries. She might be able to catch up to him and cut him off if she took the aisle just to the right, one that ran parallel but was shorter. She edged out into the crowd, watching him the best she could. He was caught in the scrum as well, but she was gaining on him. Suddenly, he turned right, heading to the aisle that ran along the Fifty-First Street side of the theater, with the lobby at one end and the stairs to the mezzanine at the other. She did the same. There, the audience members were all heading left toward the lobby, to safety, but she didn’t see Martinek in that group. She looked to her right. He wasn’t climbing the stairs. But then a movement to the right of the stairway caught her eye. He was only five or six feet away from her, reaching for the knob of a narrow door wedged between the stairs and the wall. The door that led backstage. She took another leap and threw all her body weight onto him, hands on his shoulders, her torso slamming into his. He smashed face-first into the doorway, letting out a grunt. She