think you’d come,” Kyle says. He edges in with his back to the lake, keeping a wide distance between us. “I almost didn’t,” I lie. There is nothing that would have stopped me from being here. “I’m glad you did,” he says. He looks taller and a little more gaunt than the last time I saw him, which was when he stepped over me, thinking I was dead, and disappeared into the dark like some kind of ghost. “You said you were going to share something with me,” I say, trying to keep my voice steady. He nods and takes a step toward me. “This.” He takes from his pocket a piece of folded paper and holds it out in front of him. “It’s the incantation that the Owl Society used. That my grandfather used when he—” “When he thought he’d killed me,” I say. Kyle nods. “He thought he’d succeeded. But you didn’t die and your body didn’t go in the lake, so it wouldn’t have worked anyway.” I take the paper from him, but I don’t unfold it. I don’t need to. “What is it you think this will help me with?” I ask as I stare into his eyes without blinking. He shrugs and kicks at the rocks on Mirror Lake’s shore with the toe of his shoe. “I don’t know. Whatever you want.” I press him. I want to know how he thinks this will make amends. “What does that mean?” He comes another step closer. “You can have anything you want. Or almost anything. My grandfather didn’t get what he wanted the first time around when he killed all those kids.” A shudder runs through me. “What did he want this time around?” “Money, fame,” Kyle says, shaking his head. “Maybe that’s not so bad.” “And you think that’s what I want?” I ask, looking up into his face that is now covered with a length of unkempt beard. “You think power, or money, or influence will make this better?” He shakes his head. “I’m not saying it can undo what happened, but think about it—what if you never had to worry about money or what if you wanted to be in charge? Come on, Bezi. The Owl Society has been using this power for whatever they want. Why shouldn’t you use it to get something you want?” “It requires a sacrifice,” I say. Kyle gestures to the lake. “Do you know how many bodies are in there? How many people have been sacrificed to the land and the lake? What’s one more if it means you can have some peace?” I glance down at the ground, then back up to Kyle. “You know what, Kyle? You’re absolutely right.” He smiles and nods, clapping his hand down on my shoulder. I quietly slip the knife from my pocket and stick it into Kyle’s abdomen, just below his ribs on the right side. I grasp the handle with both hands and drag it across his belly. There is a terrible ripping sound, a warm splash across my hands.