said Hephzibah severely, “and we forget, all too often, they are first and foremost a family. The first family in the land, bound as tightly in blood and bond as any—” she paused, casting around for the right words “—tradesman and his daughter.” Miss de Vries took this flank attack with a thin smile. “Indeed.” “So her safety is of paramount importance. We have our own policemen at the palace, you understand.” The moment stretched, longer and longer. And then, at last, Miss de Vries said, “They should feel free to look around, if it would help things.” “Thank you,” said Hephzibah, setting her cup down with a clatter. “If a few of your people clear out, give them a few rooms to stay in, then I am sure that would suffice.” Miss de Vries looked uncertain. “You mean...” “On the night of your party. We would want our own men in the house.” Miss de Vries laid down her cup. “Is it likely that the princess will attend, Your Grace?” Hephzibah drew on the strength of all duchesses past and present, the specters of great ladies living and dead. She sat up straight and said, “Miss de Vries. I would no more presume to predict the movements of Her Royal Highness than to divine the direction of the winds. But I am willing to put in a word, if you’re able to oblige me.” Miss de Vries’s gaze narrowed, suspicious. “If I can, Your Grace.” Hephzibah smiled. “It’s quite remarkable, the expenses people incur, ferrying Their Royal Highnesses from one engagement to another. If there’s anything that can be done to ease the burden for us...” Miss de Vries’s face closed, as if she’d disappeared behind a screen. “She’ll hate it,” Mrs. King had said, “being treated like a piggy bank. It’s everything she despises. But she’ll need to see a sign of weakness. She needs to feel she’s in control.” “I am, of course, willing to defray expenses,” Miss de Vries said coldly. “If that is necessary.” “Too kind,” said Hephzibah. “And tell me,” she said, getting to her feet, heart hammering, almost done. “Who else is coming? I’ve been asking and asking, and I can’t for the life of me uncover a single soul who’s accepted.” Two spots of color formed in Miss de Vries’s cheeks, but she maintained her composure. “I shall have someone send you a list directly,” she said. Hephzibah leaned in, as close as she dared. “Leave it to me,” she said. “I’ll rustle up a good crowd for you. Everybody does exactly as I tell them.” She saw it for a second: the extraordinary relief and anger in Miss de Vries’s eyes, the reminder that she had to simply pay her way to the top. “Thank you, Your Grace,” she said in a low voice. “Good day to you,” Hephzibah shouted—and she got out of that room at top speed, so she could take a lungful of air, so she could breathe. 19 The day before the ball Sunday dawned hotter than anyone could