. . you’ll still do. He was brought here an hour ago for emergency dental surgery, and we need someone to come pick him up.” “Pick him . . . up?” “Yes. It means that you come here. Get him. Then take him where he lives.” She’s speaking very slowly. If I told her about my doctoral degree, she would not believe me. “With a vehicle such as a car. Or a wheelbarrow, for all I care.” “I—I don’t own a car. And I don’t know where he lives. Can’t you call him an Uber and—” “Honey, he’s drugged out of his mind. I cannot let him walk out of here alone—he just mumbled something about walking into the Charles River to hang out with Aquaman.” I close my eyes. Then I open them. I glance at the lecture I’ve been preparing, then at the time (6:42 p.m.), then at Hedgie glaring at me from the kitchen counter. I sigh and hear myself ask, “Where are you located?” 11 C E N T R I P E TA L F O R C E I F G REG WERE A DOG , HE ’ D BE PEEING ALL OVER THE WAITING room. In my twenty-seven years, no one has been happier to see me. He leaps (albeit sluggishly) out of his chair, tries (and fails) to spin me around, effusively compliments my stained “May the Mass Times Acceleration Be with You” shirt, and finally sandwiches my face in his palms and says, “I’m about to blow your mind, Elsie. Did you know that quinoa is not a grain? It’s like, a sprout. Oh my God, let’s do the Harlem Shake!” Behind the reception counter, the nurse shakes her head and mutters, “High like a hot-air balloon.” “I—thank you for calling me.” She looks less pissed than she sounded on the phone, but more exhausted. The place smells like mint, potpourri, and that air hygienists blow into the mouth during cleanings. “Sure. Get this idiot out of my waiting room, please. I gotta go home and feed my own brood of idiots.” “Of course.” I smile reassuringly at Greg, who’s petting a strand of hair that escaped my bun. “Like I said, I don’t know his home address. Do you have it in your paperwork? Or I could bring him to my place—” “I’ve got it.” I turn to the door even though I’m well familiar with the voice—from the past three days of interviewing, from my worst fears, from that weird, intrusive dream I had last night. Greg’s already running to his brother, giving him the same unabashed welcome he gave me. My first thought is a familiar one: I can’t believe they’re related. If they played siblings in an HBO Max miniseries, I’d call bullshit on the casting director. My second is, of course, Fuck. Fucking fuck. Why is he here? I look to the nurse. “Did you . . . did you call both of us to pick Greg up?” “Yup. Because the first person I called was his mom,