taps on the door to my bedchamber, enters, and serves me tea. She recently turned seventeen. She is the mother of my first grandson and will soon give birth to another child, hopefully another son. My concern, the same one that preoccupied Lady Kuo, is that the Yang wives are not producing enough sons, despite my best efforts to make the women in the household fertile. What’s worrisome is that if we keep on this path, the family will continue to grow smaller and money will become scarcer, as we won’t have enough men to run our businesses or sons to do well in the imperial exams. “When Midwife Shi comes for her weekly visit,” I say to my daughter-in-law, “I expect you to visit the Hermitage so we can both examine you.” (I still have a hard time thinking of Meiling as Midwife Shi, but she took on the title after her mother died.) “I will be there, Lady Tan,” she answers, her head politely bowed. I count on this girl to be an extra pair of eyes and ears for me, so I ask, “Are there others in the household I should see today?” “Fourth Aunt is having trouble with her granddaughter’s footbinding—” “Fourth Aunt should have told me!” “She blames herself that she hasn’t been more vigilant, and she didn’t want to disappoint you.” “Tell her not to worry about my opinion. What matters is that infection doesn’t settle in her granddaughter’s feet. I will visit the child after Midwife Shi leaves.” “Yes, Lady Tan.” I smile at the girl. “How are Lian’s studies progressing?” “He was in his library, working all night.” My smile broadens. “He has always been a good student.” “As you have told me.” “Then you shall hear it again, so you might be a good mother to your sons when they are old enough.” I move to my dressing table to apply rouge and lip color. “I started teaching Lian when he was three. I thought to myself if a child can memorize a nursery rhyme, then why not something more important? I opened the Book of Odes. I remember well the first lesson Lian learned by heart. He who depends on himself will have the greatest happiness. And look! It has turned out to be so.” My daughter-in-law begins to brush my hair. I like the girl. She’s obedient, with a kindly disposition. And she’s particularly adept at styling high buns and attaching ornamental pins and other decorations. “Lian is already a juren,” I go on, as if she didn’t know this already. “He passed this level of the imperial exams at an age earlier than my father, my grandfather, or Lian’s father. Oh, such a bright future lies ahead.” As if in agreement, my daughter-in-law steps to my side so I can see her pregnant belly. I nod to acknowledge her silent message. Then, “Please go ahead to the inner chambers. I shall be along shortly.” My first stops this morning are to the kitchen, the granary, and the weaving room. Next,