asked him. “Nothing yet.” At least he was speaking to her. That was progress. “And, Nathaniel, how is your grandmother?” “She’s fine. Says to say hello.” He glanced over at Simon and ducked his head. So he knew. The coffee left a burnt taste in Marion’s mouth. Judy took a big bite of toast and somehow managed to chew with a smirk on her face. “Nathaniel,” Marion said, “can I talk to you for a moment?” “Sure.” Their backyard featured a giant gneiss boulder, which Judy and Marion used to climb and scrape their knees on as kids. Marion had learned at school that rocks like these had been rolled into place by retreating glaciers back in the Ice Age and were known as “glacial erratics.” When she’d told her father that, he’d been impressed: “Well, look at you, with the fancy scientific phrases. You sound like your sister.” The warmth of the compliment had lingered for days after. She leaned against the rock and looked back at the house. “I guess you’ve heard the news?” He nodded. “I have to say, when your father told me, I was shocked. Becoming a chorus girl seems like a rather audacious move.” “I’m not a chorus girl.” Everyone was so obtuse. Could no one even bother to try to see her point of view? It was crucial to get Nathaniel on board with her decision, otherwise she stood no chance. “A student from the dance studio mentioned the auditions at Radio City, and at the last minute I decided to go as well. It was a grueling process, there were hundreds of other girls. When they called out my name, I was shocked. But now I’m a Rockette. It means I get paid to do what I love, which is dance. Isn’t that incredible? I’m excited about it and I hope you can be, too.” “What about our wedding? What about all the planning you have to do this year?” She wanted to say that he hadn’t even proposed yet, so it was all still theoretical. Also, she resented the assumption that she would have to do all the planning, and he’d just show up the day of. But that was probably asking too much. “I can plan a wedding and work. Other women do it all the time.” “What’s your schedule going to be like?” How best to put it? “We work from eleven in the morning to ten at night, three weeks at a time.” “Eleven hours a day? What about weekends?” “Well, today is an exception, as they had some technical issues with the show that’s currently running, which meant the new girls didn’t have to go in. But normally, there are no weekends off. We dance four shows a day on weekends as well. My first performance is next Thursday.” His face fell. It was an insane schedule, to be honest. “But it’s three weeks straight, but then one whole week off,” she added. “I can get a lot done in a week.” “I’m finally back in Bronxville for good,