on the nightstand, which casts a glow over Mrs. Baker’s immaculately made bed. The second is a floor lamp in the corner, which sheds enough light over the other half of the room. I see a dresser, an antique dressing table with an oval mirror, and a sideboard similar to the one in Lenora’s room. Instead of a Walkman on top, this one holds a gramophone, complete with a lily-shaped horn to amplify the music. Quickly and quietly, I slide open dresser drawers and peek into the sideboard, finding nothing of interest. They’re too small to hold a suitcase, and if Mrs. Baker had the pages that were in it, I suspect they suffered the same fate as the ones Lenora and I typed. As for the sample of Lenora’s blood Mary took, that was likely also destroyed. Just in case, I sit at the dressing table and root through the drawers, which contain nothing but rattling jewelry and rolling lipstick tubes. Atop the table is a framed photograph of a young couple in front of the Eiffel Tower. Snow falls around the pair as they huddle together beneath the man’s overcoat. The woman in the photo I assume to be Mrs. Baker, albeit fifty years younger than the person currently gulping down wine in the dining room. They have the same eyes, same nose, same chin. That’s where the resemblance ends. In the photograph, she sports marcelled hair and a wide, genuine smile, something I’ve never seen from Mrs. Baker. The man in the picture is tall, handsome, and maybe ten years older than her. I assume he’s the fiancé Mrs. Baker mentioned the day I arrived. The one whose death prompted her return to Hope’s End. From the way they’re looking at each other in the photo, the two of them definitely seem in love. I move to the other side of the room, where the most likely hiding places reside. Under the bed. In the armoire. Beneath the large sink in the bathroom, which is where I continue my search, yielding nothing. I get the same result when I crack open the armoire doors. Hanging inside is an array of black dresses, with a few pairs of sensible black shoes sitting in a row beneath them. My last stop is to check the area around the bed. On the nightstand is another framed photograph of the same man as the one on the dressing table. He’s alone in this one, looking dashing in an army uniform. I drop to my hands and knees to check under the bed. Instead of a suitcase, I find several shoeboxes. I pull one out and open it, taking care not to leave clean marks on the dusty lid. Inside are more photographs. I sort through them, seeing a young Mrs. Baker in a variety of situations. Wearing a satin gown and lifting a glass of champagne in a toast. Walking down the street with two other women, their arms linked, mouths open in mid-laugh. Reclining naked on a chaise in what appears to