pleasing? Maybe, but baby steps. I check in with Cam before responding. Maddie Hi Emma, We’d be happy to! X * * * Cam and I spend the whole of Saturday together, driving around town in her car, picking up balloons, snacks, barbecue food, cups, and decorations from various shops. We stopped for lunch and both ordered soup and grilled cheese sandwiches. I give her a very brief synopsis about my return to work, Love Stories, and Ben, but not Alex. I tell her I’ll be moving out soon to live with Nia. She tells me all about teaching summer school classes and her students, who are hilarious but aren’t learning as quickly as they should (she blames the rise of social media) and how she’s been thinking a lot about renting out her room and going traveling. On Sunday, my job is to set up with Cam whilst Emma is out with Jo. We move the big fold-out table into the garden and put on some music as her friends trickle in. We set up snacks and drinks in the kitchen and Olivia, the first of Jo’s friends to arrive, gets started with the barbecue. Cam and I play host until we hear Jo scream at the door. She must have seen the numbers 2 and 8 balloons we tied to the front door’s knocker. When she comes in, we yell “Surprise!” let off party poppers, and someone pops open champagne, which spills on the carpet. We all choose to ignore the growing dark stain. More of Jo’s friends arrive and an hour later, I’m sat in the corner of the garden with Emma, who’s finishing her master’s, Olivia who works at a literary agency, Kenny who’s a junior casting agent, Tinka a dancer, Cam, Jo and … Sam. “Look, I know you loved it, but it’s overrated,” Kenny says. “Yes, it is!” I’m quickly learning that Kenny is very opinionated. He’s Black, wearing a fedora hat and a brightly patterned shirt. How he pulls them both off is a mystery that I highly suspect has something to do with his attention-drawing personality. “That doesn’t mean it was bad,” he says, “but people have shone this ridiculous light on it to blind others into thinking it’s groundbreaking stuff when really? It was just okay. There, I said it.” “You’re absolute garbage, Ken,” Emma says. “Something I have in common with that book.” We laugh and Jo throws crisps at him. “It wasn’t garbage,” he says. “I retract that declaration. Look, I enjoyed it, it was good, but I didn’t love it and I have difficulty believing those of a high literary standard did.” “But didn’t you love how it was written?” I ask, gesturing enthusiastically toward him. A pickle falls out of my burger in the process. “It was so different from all the other bestsellers we’ve been reading recently. It was beautiful and raw and written so…” Kenny smiles. “Sparsely.” “It’s called economical language.” “Aha! And who coined that phrase, dear Madeleine?” Kenny asks. “A group of actual readers or