thankfully Callum and his table don’t hear her. I’ve read many internet tales of ghosting, but it’s usually after the first date or a couple of days texting, so disappearing after the third date is new. My first thought is: What did she do wrong? Then I shake my head and call myself a bad feminist. “I can’t believe people really don’t call you back after you’ve slept with them,” I say. “Men don’t,” Cam says. “Not even a bedside note?” I ask. Cam laughs at this. “He’s not even that good-looking,” Jo says. “Not to say the good-looking ones are excused, but he’s … so plain!” “Those kind of men always have the most audacity,” Cam remarks. “Are you going to say something?” Jo asks. “No,” Cam replies. “Kirsten wouldn’t thank me for it. She’s talking to someone new now, anyway.” “Where is she finding all these eligible—although questionable—men?” Jo asks. “I have a friend who’s been looking with no luck.” I should probably contribute something meaningful to this conversation; it’s like doing a group presentation and the two alphas dominate, but soon the teacher is going to look my way, say, “You’ve been quiet, Maddie,” and stick me with a question I have no hope of answering. Cam pulls a face. “Online.” “You’re not a fan?” I say, curious. “I don’t know how you could be,” she replies. “With shit algorithms that present you with profiles proudly displaying DTF? It’s hard to get excited.” I nod supportively whilst making a mental note to google “DTF.” I think it means “down to fuck,” but I’d like to make sure. “Cam is a little old-fashioned,” Jo mock-whispers. “I’m less so.” This surprises me as I assumed it would be the other way around. Cam gives the impression that she eats time-wasters alive, whilst Jo looks like she’d expect flowers and a heart-shaped box of chocolates on a first date. “You can afford to be,” Cam says. “You have Sam.” “I don’t have Sam,” Jo corrects. “Who’s Sam?” “Just a guy I’m seeing,” Jo says, running a finger around the rim of her glass. “It’s not serious.” If I ask why, is that intrusive? “They’re just sleeping together,” Cam explains. Jo nods and it’s a very nonchalant, you-get-it nod. But I don’t. “Is he not boyfriend material?” I ask. Jo gets a faraway look in her eye. “Don’t get me wrong—he’s gorgeous. Tall, dark, and handsome.” “Literally,” Cam adds. “He’s six two, Black, and very good-looking.” “He’s also an artist,” Jo continues. “We’re part of this big group of friends from uni so we’ve always hung out and one night about … two months ago? It just happened. Sometimes he comes by the flat, so you’ll meet him eventually.” Jo clasps her hands under her chin and smiles to herself. “He’s great, but we both don’t want anything serious, you know? I’m not ready to be accountable for someone else. And I’ve started messaging this guy from work—Conrad.” “Sam is better,” Cam says and Jo rolls her eyes. “I’ve only met him twice