doing it with when they’re away.” “You’re speaking of jealousy,” Fourth Aunt jumps in, as though every person here doesn’t know that this is the very emotion that causes her to carp at her husband whenever he’s home. “Or envy,” one of Second Uncle’s concubines quips from across the room. “Who here hasn’t heard you banging on my door when the master is visiting me?” Lady Kuo holds up a hand. “That’s enough!” And it is for a few moments. But over where the widows and spinsters sit something’s brewing. Those old ladies can be unpredictable. Great-Aunt, who moved here after her husband’s family died out, can be especially nettlesome, yet her voice sounds casual when she begins speaking. “A bevy of husbands was afraid of their wives.” Heads swing in Great-Aunt’s direction at the recognition of the beginning of the familiar story. “One day those men met in a tavern to discuss what to do. The first man said, ‘I will beat my wife into submission. She will be as docile as a doe in springtime.’ ” One of the other widows is ready with the next part. “The second man said, ‘I will stop feeding my bride. Hunger will tame her bossiness.’ ” “The third man said, ‘I will tie my wife to the bed,’ ” Great-Aunt resumes. “ ‘She won’t be able to escape my charms then.’ ” Listening to them, I miss Spinster Aunt. I think a couple of other women do too. “All of a sudden, who should appear?” Great-Aunt asks in mock alarm. “Why, it was one of the Six Grannies! This one happened to be a crone who made her living as a fortune-teller. She warned the husbands. ‘Look out! Look out! Your wives are coming!’ Despite their earlier daring words, two of the men scattered like fleas from a dead cat. The third man stayed planted to his chair, proving he was the most valiant of men.” She falls silent to let the suspense build. Then, much like Spinster Aunt did in the past, she leans forward to confide in a voice just loud enough for everyone to hear. “But when the other husbands regained their courage, they approached only to discover he’d frozen to death from fear!” I join the laughter, but inside I’m as nervous as a bride. I’m lucky to love my husband and for him to love me in return, but sending letters back and forth over great distances by foot courier is not the same as sharing a bed. Just then, we hear the first sounds of the procession. Lady Kuo raps her knuckles on the arm of her chair, signaling that she wishes me to approach. Standing before her, I feel every pair of eyes in the room on me. Poppy helped with my hair, brushing it until it shines, and inserting my best gold and jade pins to hold and decorate the upswept bun. The red paint on my lips and pink powder on my cheeks stand out even brighter and, I hope, alluringly, above my snow-white