becomes infected, I will remove your hand at the wrist. I cannot wait.” Vic flexed his hand. The pain was already diminishing. “I don’t think we’ll need to worry about that. Let’s get him back home.” “What about Gio?” Rambo asked. He looked down at the vacuum. “We’ll just keep this between us for now, okay? Just until I know what we’re dealing with.” “White lies?” Rambo asked, sounding nervous. Vic shook his head. “We’ll tell him, just not yet.” He wanted to prove to his father he could handle the unexpected, even this. “It might be nothing. I don’t want to worry him if I don’t have to.” “Oh,” Rambo said. “And that’s not lying?” “Right. It’s more…” He struggled to find the words. “Getting the lay of the land before exploring.” “It is lying,” Nurse Ratched said. “Victor is asking us to lie.” Vic sighed and turned his face toward the sky. “Let’s get out of here before the Old Ones wake back up.” CHAPTER 4 They made it to Vic’s lab without incident. Dad was shut inside the ground house working. “Lights on,” Vic grunted as sweat dripped down his face. Above them, a large bulb flared to life. Vic’s lab wasn’t as large or as extravagant as his father’s. Dad liked to create. Vic liked to tinker. Next to the tree trunk in the center of the room was a large metal table that Dad had gifted Victor on his sixteenth birthday once the lab was completed. Above it, hanging from the ceiling attached to long, thin metal spindles, were all sorts of tools: soldering iron, soldering gun, four magnifying glasses of varying strengths, metal shaver, metal nibbler, polisher, and a magnetic drill. Fixed to one end of the table was an arbor press. Beyond the table and against the far wall was a band saw next to an anvil and a bead roller. To the left of the table was a row of windows that looked out onto the compound. To the right, a wall of tools: assorted hammers in all shapes and sizes, plyers, drills and dozens of bits, a torch that caused sparks to fly. And for working with wood, there were chisels, carving gouges and knives, veiners and V-carving tools. On the bench below the tools sat a metal lathe and a milling machine. He’d used them all at one point or another. He’d learned watching his father as he described the purpose of each tool, starting Vic young, saying that children were remarkable sponges for information, or so he’d heard. Dad had been delighted when Vic took to the act of creation as if he were made for it. Rambo went to the windows, pulling the slats closed as Nurse Ratched and Vic lifted the android onto the table. Once that was done, Vic stepped away, hands going to his back. He grimaced. “Heavy.” “He is,” Nurse Ratched said. “He weighs almost three hundred pounds.” “How much do I weigh?” Rambo asked. “Five pounds,” Nurse Ratched replied. “Oh. Is that good?” “I could