through the trees. It hadn’t, and he moved on to the chest and back. The cheek. He saved the leg for last. Hap sat on the table, legs hanging down, watching Vic’s every move. He’d removed his clothing at Vic’s request, questioning why Vic had placed a blanket over his bare lap. Vic lifted Hap’s leg, extending it, hearing the metal bones underneath the wood creak. The knee joint locked, and Vic soon saw why. On the inner part of his knee, the piece of wood was slightly too large. An easy mistake, but also an easy fix. He lifted a small tool from his work bench, lifting it so Hap could see. “This is a short bent.” Hap frowned. “What is it f-for?” “Shaving wood. Your knee is catching. It’s why you keep stumbling. I can fix it if you want.” “Does the patient need to be sedated?” Nurse Ratched asked. “I can help, if need be.” “No,” Victor said, and turned in time to see her slowly retracting a metal mallet back inside her. “It won’t hurt.” “H-hurt,” Hap repeated. “You w-will not h-hurt me unless I d-do something to make you.” What Dad had said, not quite word for word, but close enough. Then, “What is h-hurt?” “Ow,” Vic cried after Nurse Ratched thumped him on the head. “What was that for?” “You know what,” she said. “Hap, that was a demonstration of pain.” Hap scowled at all of them. “Fine. Do it. I n-need to have full range of mmotion. It’s a hazard if I d-don’t have it because you are f-fragile.” “He is,” Nurse Ratched said as Vic glared at her. “So breakable. It really is a flawed design, if you think about it. Humans are so squishy.” Vic rolled his eyes, and then sank to his knees in front of Hap. He motioned for Nurse Ratched to hold Hap’s leg in place as he wiped the sweat away from his brow. He thanked Rambo when the vacuum pulled down the magnifying glass, flipping through the different sizes until he found the right one. “Ready?” he asked Hap. Hap didn’t respond. Vic lowered the tool, pressing it against the side of the knee joint, ready to shave off a small piece until it fit better. “Ow,” Hap said. Vic startled. He looked up, eyes wide. Hap stared down at him. “Ow,” he said again. “That h-hurt.” Vic was incredulous. “What? It did? How can it—I don’t understand. That shouldn’t have—” “P-practice,” Hap said. “I was p-practicing. Ow. Pain. Hurt.” He grimaced, face twisting before smoothing out. “You can’t do that,” Vic said. “Wh-why?” “Because it didn’t hurt. I hadn’t even started yet.” Hap nodded. “I w-will wait until you s-start.” Vic sat back up on his knees, grabbing the short bent. “That’s not how I— just hold still. Don’t move.” Hap froze. He didn’t blink. His mouth hung open slightly. “What happened?” Vic asked. He raised his hand up and waved it in front of Hap’s face. No reaction. “Is he dead?” Rambo whispered nervously. “Did we