hear, I have always loved you. You’re my son. And I couldn’t be prouder of the man you’ve become. One day, we’ll see each other again. I know we will. Hap, do I have your word? Will you do what I’ve asked?” Hap hesitated before nodding. Relief flooded Dad’s face. “Thank you,” he whispered. “Trust Victor. Trust my son. I’ll do what I can to keep them away. Nurse Ratched. Can you hear me?” “Yes, Gio.” “Butterflies flap their wings, and all the world sings.” Her screen went dark before the words ACTIVATE SAFETY PROTOCOL? appeared. “But what do the birds say?” And Dad said, “In the sky, you are free.” “Password accepted. Safety Protocol six one four dash seven.” Dad stepped back away from the stairs. Vic screamed for him as he pressed his hand against the side of the bookcase once more. Hap grabbed Vic by the back of his coat, pulling him down as the stairs receded back into the wall. The last Vic saw of his father before the floor closed above them was Dad squaring his shoulders, turning toward the doorway. “No!” Vic cried, slamming his hands against the wall. “Dad! Dad.” “Enough,” Hap snarled in his ear. “You’ll h-hurt yourself. Stop it.” He pulled Vic away from the wall. Vic struggled, trying to get away from him, but Hap held on tight. “Let me go!” “N-no,” Hap said. “Stop. L-look.” Vic sagged against him. He lifted his head. They were in a bunker of sorts, one Victor hadn’t known existed. The walls were metal, as was the ceiling. It was roughly the size of the ground house above them but filled with equipment unlike anything Vic had ever seen before. Against the far wall sat a row of glass tubes, all empty, the surfaces smudged with dust. The wall to the right was filled with screens like the one Nurse Ratched had, three large across the top, six smaller ones underneath, above a console that blinked. The left wall was shelving filled with books and discarded tools, all looking as if they hadn’t been touched in years. Vic’s gaze slid over some of the books, not able to comprehend what he was reading on the spines: Gray’s Anatomy and Atlas der Anatomie des Menschen and Leonardo da Vinci on the Human Body and What to Expect When You’re Expecting. Nurse Ratched went to the console below the screens as Rambo hurried around the bunker, his fan running as he scooped up the dust from the floor. “Dirty,” he muttered. “Dirty, so dirty, must clean, must clean.” “Wh-what is this p-place?” Hap asked. Vic didn’t know. He opened his mouth, but no sound came out. He jumped when Nurse Ratched beeped loudly, one of her tentacles extending and attaching itself to a port in the console. Her screen filled with numbers and letters and symbols Victor didn’t recognize. The same symbols rolled onto the screens above her. Vic flinched at the harsh light as each screen filled with an image, a low roar filling the bunker. The