adorable way as we pass the more risqué products, the BDSM section, the blow-up dolls. Meanwhile, I let myself look everywhere, half keeping an eye out for anything we could use in our lessons, half because it’s just interesting. The best sex shops are open, inclusive spaces, and it took me far too long to enter one. I pluck a bottle of lube from a shelf. “Always good to have.” “Mm-hmm.” Finn nods toward another display. I can see him slowly starting to relax. “What are those for?” “Vibrating nipple clamps? It’s kind of in the name.” “Ah. I think I’ll have to work up to that.” He motions to a tube of warming lube. “I could get into something like this, though.” A jolt of sensation sparks low in my belly. “Yeah? Let’s get it.” He’s watching me, an interesting expression on his face. “You’re so comfortable with it,” he says, sounding almost impressed as he rakes a hand through his hair. “Talking about all these things. Being here.” “I guess part of it was school,” I say. “And the rest . . . I guess you could say that I practiced. I knew that if I couldn’t be comfortable with it, then there was no way I could tell someone else what I wanted.” I give him a sly smile. “It’s empowering, telling a partner what you want. And just because it’s comfortable doesn’t mean it can’t be hot, too.” “Oh, I absolutely know that now.” I had this thought yesterday, and today confirms it: we’ve become more open with each other. Against all odds, Finn and I might be turning out to be more than sexual partners or ghostwriter and author: we might be something close to friends. When we get to the shelf of vibrators, I spend a couple minutes browsing before picking up a clitoral massager not unlike one I have at home. “What about this?” “I am . . . looking respectfully.” “I was thinking we could use it together.” “And now I am looking very respectfully.” We make our way to the front with the vibrator, lube, and an array of condoms: flavored, ribbed, ultra-sensitive. The middle-aged woman at the cash register gives us a warm hello as she starts ringing things up, then drops her scanner as she makes eye contact with Finn. “Oh my god, Finn? Finn Walsh?” she asks in a lilting Southern accent. “I thought my eyes were playing tricks on me when you walked in, but it’s you, isn’t it?” Finn’s posture goes ramrod straight next to me. He glances to the door, as though debating how quickly he can make it there, then seems to realize there’s no chance at escape. He lifts a hand in a halfhearted wave. “Hi. Nice to meet you.” Her hands fly to her mouth. “Goodness, it is you! I’m Tamara—I’m the owner here, welcome! Anything I can help you find? Or”—she cranes her neck to see what I’m carrying—“looks like your girlfriend already picked out some of our bestsellers!” “Oh—she’s not—” “I’m not—”