he ever got into the same room as her attacker. By the time they arrived in midtown, her head was aching from having to calm him down. She asked him to wait outside in the car when they got to Radio City, imagining him scowling at Russell the whole time if she brought him inside. Russell leaped up from his desk when she walked into his office. “My darling. I heard what happened. Are you all right? I called your house yesterday, but they said you were asleep.” He put his hands on her shoulders, holding her at arm’s length and studying her closely. “I wanted to talk to you in person. First of all, I’m fine. But I can’t be a Rockette anymore.” She blinked hard, trying not to cry. “It’s too dangerous, for me and for the other girls if I’m around. I’m so sorry.” “You take all the time you need, hopefully they’ll find this madman soon.” “No, I’m leaving for good.” Her voice cracked, as if her own body were trying to stop her from throwing away the one thing that had given her the most joy in her life so far. “I haven’t been dancing well, we both know that. I’m pulling everyone down with me.” His brows furrowed. “You have a unique style, there’s no question about that. But you’ve been under terrible stress. Why don’t you take some time off and think about things? No one is pushing you out the door, I want to make that clear.” But Marion knew the truth from having overheard his earlier conversation with Emily, comparing her to Vera-Ellen. She didn’t blame him for speaking honestly about her own limitations as a Rockette—he was like a favorite uncle and could do no harm—but she understood deep down that she didn’t belong. “No. You should find someone else to replace me.” She hugged him hard, knowing she only had a few seconds before she broke down in tears. “I’ll come by later to pick up my things.” “There’s no rush, no rush at all.” Marion whispered a thank-you and ran out of the building. She was a failure. While it would be easy to tell anyone who asked that she’d pulled out of the Rockettes of her own volition, she knew she didn’t really belong with the troupe. She didn’t belong anywhere. Nathaniel apologized as soon as she got back into the car. “I’m sorry if I got out of control, Marion.” He placed a hand on her cheek. “You and I are making a fresh start, okay?” A fresh start. She could sure use one. He eased the car into gear for the few short blocks to the Rehearsal Club. “I’ve been thinking about the proposal, and I really want it to be special. How about on Christmas Eve we take a carriage ride in Central Park?” Marion winced. She didn’t want to think that far ahead just yet. Nathaniel kept on. “Once we’re married, your father said that we can move into the house. And here’s a thought: