want her to marry into a good family.” “Of course. And if you have a son, I will ask Maoren if the boy can attend our school in the Garden of Fragrant Delights. The tutors we employ are exceptional.” I leave unspoken that it’s not unheard of for a family such as mine to invite the sons of poor relatives or friends to benefit from a clan’s generosity. “If I’m also given a son, then the two boys can become study partners from the first days of practicing their calligraphy until the day they arrive in the capital to take the exams.” “If we both have daughters, I hope they’ll be as close as we have been.” “And will always be.” “If one of us has a son and the other has a daughter—” “Are you already thinking about a matchmaker?” I say it lightly and hope she takes it the right way, because as much as I love Meiling, this match could never happen—not even if her daughter has a pair of perfectly bound feet. “Let me dream, Yunxian. Let me dream.” Poppy, realizing I’ll spend the night here again, arranges coals under the kang and feeds the braziers. She makes a little nest for herself with her satchel of clothes and the box she brought with her from Wuxi. (Sometimes I wake in the night and see her sitting over her belongings, going through them as though there’d be something I might be tempted to steal. Just the thought makes me smile.) Next to me, Meiling’s body relaxes against mine as she drifts to sleep. Her breath deepens and her expelled air passes warmly down my chest and floats out over my hands. I should wake her, so we can change into our nightclothes. Instead, I run my fingers through the ends of her hair, smoothing the strands against my thigh. I stay awake a long time, as I often do, and let my mind wander over the possibilities and improbabilities. Meiling and I may share similar status in the Great Within, and I only want the very best for her, but our lives are different. Nothing will change that, even if we wish it so. And I worry… Just as the phoenix rises from the ashes—and as Meiling has risen in status—there is another truth: The higher you fly, the more crushing the fall. I keep my eyes open just long enough for the first wick to burn out and for the golden light in the room and the sparks in my mind to dim. * * * Night follows day and day follows night. A second month has passed since Miss Zhao and I arrived in Beijing. Empress Zhang has entered the month and could go into labor at any time. Meiling and I will enter our months in another four weeks. I will spend my month not in confinement as a lady but as a working woman like Meiling. My emotions have continued to be in turmoil. I constantly remind myself of Grandmother’s warnings about my weaknesses.