asks if I’m looking forward to seeing Meiling. “You’ve always been close,” she says. “This will be a way for the two of you to spend time together.” And because she’s known us for so long, I’m able to confide my moment of jealousy about Meiling’s appointment. Miss Zhao’s expression is unreadable when she says, “I’m disappointed in you. You were born into a good family. Your only tragedy was the death of your mother. A hair off your arm is thicker than a man’s waist when compared to someone who started out as poor as Meiling. You should be happy for her success.” Miss Zhao’s words remind me of one of a Snake’s worst attributes: envy. I feel color rising in my face, but she isn’t finished. “A friend without faults will never be found,” she recites. “Many women call themselves friends, but one day the wind blows east and the next day the wind blows west. I never thought you would become a fickle or petty person. Especially not with Meiling.” For a moment I’m taken aback. Who is a concubine to criticize me? But of course I know the answer. Miss Zhao is the closest person I’ve had to a mother in my life. “Thank you, Miss Zhao. You’ve reminded me of an important lesson. Distance tests a horse’s strength; time reveals a person’s heart. You’ve always been loyal and kind to me. Please know I’m grateful.” Her response is yet another lesson. “You’ve placed that aphorism on the wrong person. Perhaps you should think of it in regard to Meiling. When she was sent thousands of li away from home, who did she think of first to share in her good fortune?” * * * When we first began traveling north the changes in the landscape were gradual. Now, three weeks into our journey, each day the weather is colder and wetter. The few villages we pass look small and sad. There is little grass, and no evidence of the five grains planted. Poppy has become so bored with the scenery that she prefers to stay in our room. Not me, even though the rain pours down. I need fresh air. Miss Zhao and I dress as best we can against the weather and join the tiller woman under an oiled canopy, where she steers the boat. I’m surprised when she addresses me directly. “I’ve overheard your bodyguards speak of you as a doctor,” she ventures. It’s a strange turn of phrase. “Speak of me?” I ask. The tiller woman raises a shoulder, conveying that the men were not talking about me with respect. She lets me absorb the wordless message, and then asks, “Would you ever consider treating a woman such as myself?” I worry that the bodyguards might report me to my husband and mother-in-law and decide this would not be a prudent idea, but Miss Zhao says, “Of course she will. Doctor Tan looks at a woman and sees a woman—no matter her status. I speak from experience.” I’m not sure what touches me more—that