consider joining the police force after that interrogation,” said Peter. “Nicely done. Now let’s get back to the city so we can pass this all on to Captain Somers.” “I want to see one more thing.” Marion started walking toward the house. “Where are you going? This is crazy!” Peter caught up with her. “We’ll just peek in the windows of the garage.” She checked her watch. “They won’t be back for at least an hour.” The windows, unfortunately, were of smoked glass. She tried the door, but it was locked. “We’re going to get thrown in jail for trespassing,” countered Peter. “Let’s go.” But Marion couldn’t help herself. They’d come this far. Who was this man who had the entire city under his spell? They had plenty of time, and she had to know more. If they found some concrete evidence, then Somers and Ogden would have to step up. The backyard was strewn with old car tires and rusting cans. A small set of steps led to the back door. Marion crept closer and pointed. “It’s open. The back door, look.” The door seemed to have gotten stuck before fully closing, the frame around it rotted in places. Peter muttered something behind her, but she didn’t respond. Up on the porch, she pulled the door open. It squeaked uneasily. Inside was a dingy kitchen with a cracked linoleum floor. A stack of dishes filled the sink, and the air smelled of onions and grease. Through another door was a parlor with several pictures of Jesus nailed into the faded floral wallpaper. Lace curtains had turned a disagreeable shade of light brown, almost an oatmeal, and hung stiffly. “We can’t be here, Marion,” said Peter in a loud whisper. “What if there are tenants upstairs?” “Look, through there.” She pointed to the room on the other side of the vestibule. “That’s his bedroom, I bet.” “Hold on.” Peter crept up to the front door and pushed aside the curtain so he could see out. Satisfied no one was coming, he followed Marion. “A quick look around and then we’re out of here.” The room was small but clean. On a dresser sat a couple of subway tokens and a typewriter. “Oh my God.” Peter was staring down at a small bedside table, where something had been tucked under the base of a lamp. “It’s two tickets for a show at Radio City.” “What?” Marion leaned down to study them. He was right. Two tickets, seats HH 601 and 602, to see the one-o’clock movie at Radio City on Monday, December 17. Today was the sixteenth. Marion felt the blood drain from her face. Tomorrow, the Rockettes would be performing the Christmas Spectacular at noon, right before the one-o’clock showing. “Radio City’s his next target.” Marion’s body began to shake as the memory of that terrible night came flooding back. “What do we do? Should we take them and bring them to the police?” she asked. Peter shook his head. “That will only tip our hand. He’ll know someone was here, that