Some of them had bandaged faces, burns, scars. Some of them were upright and talkative; some of them were lying down, sleeping. Overcome, Iris was worried that she wouldn’t recognize her brother, even if he was here. But she drew in a deep breath, because she knew these soldiers had been through more than she could even begin to imagine. The air tasted like cherry medicine syrup and lemon floor cleaner and cold stainless steel, all cloaking a hint of sickness. She closed her eyes and envisioned Forest, exactly as he had looked the day he departed. I would know you anywhere. When Iris opened her eyes, her attention caught on a particular soldier. The girl was sitting upright in her bed. She looked to be Iris’s age, dealing a worn deck of playing cards on her quilt. Her hair was a soft shade of blond, like corn silk, and cut to her shoulders. Her skin was pallid, and her hands were shaking as she continued to set out cards. But her eyes were warm and brown and fierce, and the moment they met Iris’s gaze, Iris found herself walking toward her. “You play?” the girl asked. Her voice was brittle. “Only when I can find a good partner,” Iris replied. “Then pull up that stool and join me.” Iris obliged. She sat at the girl’s bedside and watched as she reshuffled the cards with her quaking hands. Her fingers were long, like a pianist’s. “I’m Prairie,” the girl said, glancing at Iris. “Like the grass.” “I’m Iris. Like an eyeball.” That coaxed a small smile from Prairie. “I haven’t seen you in here before, Iris Like an Eyeball.” “I only arrived yesterday,” Iris replied, taking the cards Prairie dealt to her. “Reporter, hmm?” Iris nodded, uncertain what more to say. If it would even be right for her to ask Prairie if she could— “I don’t speak to reporters,” Prairie said, clearing her throat. Her voice remained hoarse and weak. “But I’m always looking for someone to beat me in cards. Here, you go first.” Well, that settles that, Iris thought. At least Prairie’s candid bluntness dimmed her nerves and expectations, and Iris could merely enjoy a hand of cards. The girls were quiet as they played. Prairie was competitive, but Iris was close to matching her. They ended up playing two more rounds, until the nurses delivered lunch. “I suppose I should let you eat in peace,” said Iris, rising from the stool. Prairie dipped her spoon into her bowl of soup. It helplessly clattered with her shaky movements. “You might as well stay. Those who would talk to you will be eating right now.” Iris glanced around to find Attie, who was seated with a soldier farther down the room. A young handsome soldier who was smiling at her, and Attie had her notepad out, writing down the things he was saying. “I do have a question for you,” Iris said, easing back down onto the stool. “If I wanted to find out where a certain soldier is stationed,