hated her ability, it felt like losing a limb. Whatever had just happened, it seemed not to affect the Sun Prince. He pulled her into an alley, sooty brick lined with crumpled trash. Then Bastian threw away her arm and spun to face her, advancing until she was trapped between the wall and his still-bare chest, not quite touching. She reached for Mortem, but Bastian’s hand closed tight around her arm, and her sense of death was gone again. What was he doing to her? “Out with it,” Bastian growled, tossing the bloodied shirt in his other hand to the side. Gone was the casual, almost lazy arrogance he showed the court; Bastian’s eyes glinted like bayonet ends, just as sharp. “I was going to wait until we got to the vaults to demand my answers, but now that I know for sure you’re the girl who raised Claude, I’ve found I’d rather know it all now.” “Horse,” she corrected him, because her brain was stuck in a hurricane, and it was the only thing that made sense for her to do. “Yes, Lore, I’m aware it’s a horse.” “No, his name is Horse. Not Claude.” Bastian shook his head again, straightening; the motion brought their chests closer together. His hand left her arm and came to rest on the wall beside her head. “Call the damn horse whatever you want,” Bastian said, “just tell me who you’re working for.” “August.” Anxiety made her voice sound thin, like her throat wouldn’t expand enough to let it out fully. “You know that.” “Is that it?” he asked. “Or are you on Kirythea’s payroll, too? You seemed very interested in what I knew about them.” “No, I’m not working for Kirythea. Just your father.” Slowly, Lore managed to get her nerves under control. It didn’t seem like Bastian was planning to kill her. Not yet, anyway. “August thinks you’re working for Kirythea. That’s why I was trying to find out what you knew.” He glared at her, one curl of sweaty black hair falling over his eye. “Well,” he said, after a moment. “Isn’t that a fun bit of irony.” Lore set her jaw, still trapped between the prince and the brick. She didn’t know what to expect from this other, truer Bastian. Every line of him coiled with anger, the kind often hidden. Now, unfettered, it was so obvious she couldn’t believe she’d never noticed before, distracted by funny Bastian, clever Bastian, toying Bastian who seemed fairly easy to handle. This was furious Bastian, and she had no idea what to do with him. That strange gravity was back, like she’d felt when she and Bastian and Gabe were at the mouth of the culvert. Falling toward something inevitable. The Sun Prince stepped back, though not so much that she could run for the alley mouth. His hands remained on either side of her head. “Here’s how this is going to go. You’re going to tell me exactly why my father brought you here. Then you’re going to tell me how you managed