this picture?” Carter nods. He’s sobered up in the past few minutes, likely from a combination of coffee and confession. Although what he’s confessing is far from what I expected. “I started working here because I needed to know.” “Know what?” “If I’m Lenora Hope’s grandson.” “I still don’t understand,” I say. “On Christmas morning in 1929, a baby was left at the front door of the Episcopal church in town,” Carter says. “The baby was freezing, barely alive. Because it was Christmas, the priest who found him got to the church earlier than normal. If he’d arrived even a few minutes later, the baby would have died. That’s why the church called it a Christmas miracle.” “That baby,” I say. “He was—” Carter, like me, can’t stop looking at the picture of Lenora. “My father, yeah. He was adopted by a young couple at the church who couldn’t have children. My grandparents. My father never tried to find out who his birth parents were, mostly because he had no idea where to start looking. Besides, he was literally abandoned. Why bother trying to find someone who didn’t want you? So my birth grandparents remained a mystery. Until Tony found this photo.” “Why did he think your grandmother is Lenora?” “Because of the date,” Carter says, tapping the photo. “How many months pregnant does she look to you?” I peer again at the picture. “Six?” “That’s what I thought, too. Which means her ninth month would have been—” “Around Christmas,” I say. “Exactly.” Carter doesn’t elaborate, nor does he need to. Since there’s no child of Lenora’s living at Hope’s End—nor even a mention of one—I assume the baby either died during childbirth or was given up for adoption. “And you think Ricardo Mayhew’s the father,” I say. “That’s what Mary thought,” Carter says, confirming what I already knew—that Lenora told Mary everything. And that Mary shared at least some of it with Carter. He tips back his coffee cup and empties it. “It makes sense, too. In fact, it’s the only reason I could see for Ricardo killing the rest of Lenora’s family. He was a married man caught in an affair with Winston Hope’s older daughter. Either they didn’t approve and he killed them out of spite, or they demanded he make an honest woman out of Lenora and he killed them to get away.” “And it’s why he spared Lenora,” I add. “She was pregnant with his child.” And, I suspect, it’s why Lenora’s been covering for him all this time. “Anyway, that’s why I started working here,” Carter says. “It’s stupid, but I thought that if I saw Lenora—if we came face-to-face—I’d know.” “That’s not stupid at all,” I say, thinking about my mad urge to stare into Lenora’s eyes, hoping that doing so would give me some small insight into my own life. “I guess it didn’t help once you did see her.” “Not really. There’s no resemblance that I saw. But it also doesn’t mean we’re not related.” I finally take a seat at the other