a tremor running under the skin of his face. “No? HARP 217, I am ordering you to—” He said, “No.” The smooth man stepped back, turned his head, and spoke to someone just out of sight. “This HARP unit is defective. Dismantle him. Learn everything he knows, and then process him for decommissioning.” Hap didn’t struggle as hands fell upon him, some covered in skin, others nothing but metal. The Hap in the chair rose and fell, rose and fell, hips twisting as he struggled against the bands around him. Darkness. It was all darkness. But he was awake. He was aware. “What are we doing with these?” someone asked. “Scrap,” another voice replied. “These are the older models. No need for them anymore. They were decommissioned decades ago. Put in storage. We’re going to break them down. Take what we need if there’s anything to salvage, strip what remains, and then send them out to the Scrap Yards.” “Which Scrap Yards?” “All of them. Spread them out. You have your orders. Get to work. If it looks corroded, leave it. We have no use for it.” “Such a waste,” came the reply. “They should have planned better for this.” “They should have. But they didn’t. And we do not question it. Stop talking. The sooner we start, the sooner we’ll be done.” Light flooded Hap’s vision. He was hung suspended in the air. Rows of HARPs stretched out before him, each held up by a hook through the backs of their necks. He looked down, his feet dangling high above the ground. The row of HARPs began to lower as they moved forward. In the distance, machines waited for each of the HARPs, machines with serrated saws and large claws that gripped each body as they pulled them off the hooks. They broke the HARPs, one by one, skin tearing, metal breaking. And in the sounds of destruction, Hap on the screen and Hap in the chair said together, “I want to be different.” I want to be better. He didn’t move as the saws descended. They cut into the skin of his face. His chest. His legs. His back. Hap didn’t make a sound as they descended on his throat with an audible crack. But before they could break him wide open, an alarm began to blare, signaling the end of a shift. The saws stopped spinning. The machines turned and left. He waited until they were out of sight. He looked down, his remaining foot almost to the floor. He reached up before falling to the ground on his knees. He rose quickly, his steps awkward as he hopped forward. In front of him, piled high, were bodies, the skin stripped, limbs removed, their batteries torn from their chests. He lifted the dismembered parts and crawled inside, covering himself with the remains of the other HARPs with his only arm. He closed his eyes and drifted away. Skip. Jump. Static. Voices. And Vic recognized them. “Still registering the power source?” “Yes.” “Is it a new friend?” “Perhaps. Or perhaps