the firelight seeped into it, Iris could discern typed words on the inside. Very few words, but distinctly dark. She unfolded and read the letter. She felt her breath catch. This isn’t Forest. {3} Missing Myths This isn’t Forest. The words echoed through Iris as she walked down Broad Street the next morning. She was in the heart of the city, the buildings rising high around her, trapping cold air and the last of dawn’s shadows and the distant ring of the trams. She was almost to work, following her normal routine as if nothing strange had happened the night before. This isn’t Forest. “Then who are you?” she whispered, hands fisted deep in her pockets. She slowly came to a halt in the street. The truth was she had been too intimidated to write them back. Instead, she had spent the dark hours in an eddy of worry, remembering all the things she had said in her previous letters. She had told Forest she’d dropped out of school. It would be a blow to him—a broken promise—so she had quickly followed it up with her coveted job at the Gazette, where she was most likely going to earn columnist. Despite that personal information, she had never given away her true name; all her letters to Forest ended with her moniker. Little Flower. And she was most certainly relieved that— “Winnow? Winnow!” A hand grabbed her upper arm like a vise. She was suddenly yanked backward with such force that her teeth pierced her lower lip. Iris stumbled but found her bearings just as the oiled whoosh of a tram passed by, so close she could taste metal in her mouth. She had almost been hit. The realization made her knees quake. And someone was still holding her arm. She glanced up to behold Roman Kitt with his fashionable fawn-colored jacket and shined leather brogues and slicked-back hair. He was staring at her as if she had sprouted a second head. “You should pay attention to where you’re going!” he snapped, releasing her as if the contact had scorched him. “I was one second away from watching you be smashed on the cobblestones.” “I saw the tram,” she replied, straightening her trench coat. He had nearly ripped it, and she would have been devastated if he had. “I beg to differ,” Roman said. Iris pretended she hadn’t heard him. She carefully stepped over the tram rails and hurried up the stairs into the lobby, blisters blooming on her heels. She was wearing her mother’s dainty ankle boots, which were a size too small, but they would have to do until Iris could purchase a new set of heels. And because her feet were throbbing … she decided she needed to take the lift. Roman was unfortunately on her trail, and she realized with an inward groan that they would have to ride the elevator together. They stood waiting for it, shoulder to shoulder. “You’re here early,” Roman finally said. Iris touched her sore lower lip. “So are you.” “Autry give you an