head. “No, I don’t think it is.” * * * After almost two hours, we leave the coffee shop and stop outside my station. Alex asks, “Is it all right if I kiss you?” It’s a soft kiss that makes my stomach pleasantly churn. We say goodbye and I smile all the way to the supermarket. Then I remember that I don’t actually have a barbecue to go to and head back to the flat. Chapter Thirty Mum LONDON Maddie how is your fathers eulogy coming? I sigh and flop back onto my bed. I’ve been avoiding having to write this tribute, but I’m running out of time. I love my dad and spent most of my time with him, so I expected the words to pour out of me, to effortlessly flow, but my notebook is still blank. This is an impossible thing to put into words. To some, it will look like we didn’t have much of a relationship, even at the end. What is a relationship if there’s hardly any conversation; if I don’t know what he’s thinking and he doesn’t understand what I’m saying? The thought that Dawoud might find writing this easier than I do stings a little. Google: How do you write a eulogy for your dad? How to Write Your Dad’s Eulogy It’s never easy at the beginning, but you want to start off by brainstorming. Put your dad’s name in the middle of the page and around it, write down treasured memories and anecdotes. You’ll find words start to flow after that. Essentially, you want to tell the audience about him. Was he funny? Did he have any dad jokes? What were his hobbies? I shake my head. “No, this isn’t my dad,” I tell my phone. “Anecdotes, jokes, hobbies? Dad was different. He was complicated.” I shake my head again. “You wouldn’t understand.” A Father’s Eulogy from a Daughter At the end of the day, a eulogy is all about memories. Daughters tend to be more “Daddy’s girl” than “Mummy’s girl” so you just have to talk about him: the times you shared together and the things he did to make you smile. Why are you a “Daddy’s girl”? The words “Daddy’s girl” make me cringe. What did he do to make me smile? Whenever my dad came home with a chocolate bar for me, I No, a singular chocolate bar isn’t impressive if other dads are buying their daughters cars. But the chocolate bars meant a lot to me. Other people just won’t get why. My dad was the light of my life Then why did you leave? My dad grew up as one of four siblings And now there’re only two left. My dad enjoyed watching TV and Before my father was diagnosed with Parkinson’s, he liked to He spent most of his time He used to be a librarian I rub the bridge of my nose. I’ll try again tomorrow. Chapter Thirty-one I’m returning to the office today after two weeks away. Already I’m looking forward to getting home this