unless you need the input of a senior detective—in which case I’ll come in—you can assume neither of them needs to know anything you’re doing. You can lean on them to detail a rookie or two if you have scut work. But don’t waste time. I want you to bring me answers, not questions. Understood?” “What about paper?” “You mean warrants?” “And such.” “If you need one, you need one. There are sensitivities around this case, that’s why you’re here. We apply and see what happens.” I make a note not to ask if I don’t want to be told “no.” “Cal?” “Giles?” “Bring it in. Quiet as you can, but bring it in.” He locks eyes with me until I nod. Then he pushes the buzzer on his desk. “Brief him on the ballistics, please.” Felton’s voice says “Yes, sir.” He sounds as happy as I am. “He’s really going to be nice?” “Sure, Cal, he actually won a charm contest in Scotia last year. He’s going to make pikelets with conserve.” The shine on his sallow head says I’m dismissed. * * * — Felton, instead, tells me about ballistics and forensics for what feels like the better part of an hour, which he does to his credit with a minimum of bullshit. There are no prints on the gun except Roddy’s. The apartment has the usual load of assorted DNA traces, but all the analysis team can say for sure right now is that it has been visited by several humans and—until Felton explained about the aquarium—apparently also a cuttlefish. There are no crucially revealing follicles, secretions or giveaway boot prints. Felton’s nose looks like it hurts a lot. I ask a few questions. He answers them. I ask more, trying to sound as smart and respectful as possible, as professional. We are polite as hell. Finally: “Hey, Sounder?” “Yeah?” “She ever tase you like that?” “Oh, Musgrave?” “Yes fucking Musgrave. You got a list of other people who— Never mind, don’t answer that. But she ever—” “No, but we have history.” “I can work with you. I don’t have to like you. But how do I go in her office now?” “You just go in. She doesn’t care.” “I honestly thought she liked me.” “Probably does.” “How can you tell?” “It’s Musgrave. I don’t mean to be a pain in your ass, you know.” “Sure, you do.” “Okay, yeah, I kinda do. But it’s not personal.” “What you said back there that made me mad? I never realised it before, but Gratton made me think it through. It’s true, isn’t it? You’re the fall guy. You do okay with detective work—actually pretty good—but the reason you’re there is so cops don’t get fired over Titans.” “You coulda said it a little nicer, but yeah, that’s a big part of it.” “What’s another part of it?” “Very occasionally I get to stop something bad happening before it happens, rather than after.” “Well, that’s nice.” “Very occasionally.” “But other than that it’s a shitty job.” “Yeah.” “Why d’you do it?”