of comfort. 24 REAL LIFE Thursday WE SIT WITH our toes in the icy water and eat the cheese, fruit, and bread we brought from home. We doze in the sun and watch the clouds drift. Afterward we hike along the pine-needle-dusted trail in the woods, moss and ferns all glistening with dew, the ground soft and hollow. Cleo seems to have entirely let the moment of tension go, but Sabrina’s uncommonly quiet and keeps stalling toward the back of the pack as we walk. Every time I slow down to walk with her, though, she seems to speed up and chime in on whatever conversation the others are having. When we get back to the shore, we’re not ready to leave, so we stretch out along the red-brown rocks, watching birds dive toward the whitecaps in the distance. “What’s one tiny thing you’ll miss about these trips?” Cleo asks. “The Warm Cup,” Parth says. “I love walking down to get coffee while it’s still cool and gray out and the streets are empty. And Sab and I are both totally silent because we haven’t had caffeine yet, but it’s nice. At home we’re always rushing in the morning.” “I’ll miss that too,” Kimmy says. “And sitting on the bench next to the walk-up window, petting all the dogs that come past. And all the junk shops and yard sales. Every time I come here, I end up trying to convince Cleo to rent a U-Haul to drive back.” “A garden filled with lobster traps has a different aesthetic effect in upstate New York,” Cleo says. “Yeah, but we could at least cover our walls with wood-burned signs that say Wicked Pissah.” “Well, now we know what to get you for your birthday,” I say. “Should we all get wicked pissah tattoos?” Parth jokes. “We can do better than that,” Sabrina says. “Giant lobsters,” Wyn puts in. “Mermaids that look like Bratz dolls,” I suggest. “I’ll come up with something.” Sabrina props her chin in one hand, the other fluttering through the shallow water. “What’s something you’ll miss, Harry?” Cleo asks. “Something small.” I say, “Seeing everyone so happy together.” Cleo bats her hand against my leg. “Something for you.” I think some more. “I guess . . . going to sleep.” Parth bursts into laughter. “I’m serious!” I cry. “Your favorite part,” Sabrina says, “of this amazing trip I planned for us . . . is going to sleep.” “No.” I toss a seashell shard toward the sparkling lip of the tide. “It’s going to sleep so tired, in a good way. Feeling content and exhausted and relaxed, but also excited to wake up and still be here.” I catch Wyn’s eyes and look away. “It feels like nothing can go too wrong here. At least once you’re off Ray’s airplane.” Sabrina grabs my hand a little too hard, then lets go on a sigh. “I’ll miss that too. Hell, I’ll even miss Ray.” “I’ll miss Bernie’s,” Cleo says. “Even though it gave you a phantom hangover?” Wyn asks. “For all