here, you’re never gonna find out anything good.” * * * — I call Musgrave. “Fuck time you think this is, Sounder?” “Sorry.” “No, you’re not.” “There’s no such person as Roddy Tebbit.” “Pretty sure he’s in a drawer in my office.” “When you get in there, run a full genetic sequence, please, and find out what his real name is.” “You rang me in the middle of the night to tell me what to do in the morning?” “Nope.” “…Jesus fuck, Sounder, you want me to do it now?” “Sorry.” “You’re not even a cop.” “Sorry.” “No, you’re not.” “No, I’m not.” “It’s a fake name?” “It’s a fake everything.” “And you want to know now?” I don’t say anything. “I’m getting dressed,” Musgrave says. “But when you die, I hope they let me cut you open.” * * * — I’m tired, the way you can only be tired if you have a hole in you that should not be there, and when the car pulls up and a voice says “at your disposal, Mr. Sounder,” I get in without really thinking about it. Then a man gets in next to me and I feel something hard and metallic dig in under my ribs, the muzzle finding an easy resting place right against the bone. The car pulls out into traffic and onto the expressway. “Ow,” I say, because the front sight is poking my putty lattice. It hurts, but it’s also amazing because it’s scratching the itch. It doesn’t count as scratching if someone puts a gun in your stomach. My torso twists before I can stop it, pressing back and forth against the barrel. “Aaaaahhhhhh thank you, that’s good.” “What the fuck is wrong with you?” the gunman says. “Are you some kind of idiot?” “Fuck you, too, buddy. You kidnap a guy, you can put the fuck up with his kinks. Otherwise go kidnap someone else and see what that gets you.” Mr. Zoegar twists briefly around in the driver’s seat. “Mr. Sounder, what are you doing?” I tell him about the putty and the itching. “There is an etiquette in this situation, Mr. Sounder. The gun is not a scratching post.” “I hear you, I really do. But did they ever use this stuff on you?” “Do you know in the first four years that it existed the makers did not trouble themselves to make any variations in colour? They just assumed everybody would be happy with the one for white people.” “So that’s a yes?” “Once. In Monrovia.” “And?” “After a week I all but ripped it out. Do not do that, by the way. It is satisfying but exquisitely painful.” “Maybe if you guys are going to torture me you could start with that? I swear to Christ I’ll tell you everything you want to know from sheer gratitude.” Zoegar sighs. “We are not going to torture you, Mr. Sounder. This is not at all that kind of meeting.” “You know, most people just phone me.” Zoegar’s face flickers. “Mr. Sounder, it is extremely