“That means it’s just the five of us for tonight’s game and the big show tomorrow night and . . .” I hesitate. Nobody is going to want to hear the next part. “And listen, after the final game, I need everybody to stick around and help close down the camp.” “Huh?” Porter asks. “Wait, wait, wait. Nobody said anything about staying past closing night.” “I know,” I say. “Heather and Jordan volunteered, but since they’re MIA, somebody has to do it. I’m staying, too, of course. If we all pitch in, it’ll take maybe two days max.” Javier shakes his head. “Nope. I got plans.” Tasha scoots closer to Javier and nudges him with her shoulder. “You sure you gotta go?” Javier smiles, and his eyebrows shoot up his forehead. “Uh. I mean, no. I guess not.” “What plans do you have anyway, Javier?” Kyle asks. “Hanging out with your grandma?” The smile is gone from Javier’s face immediately. “Yeah. So?” Javier tilts his head to the side. “She’s good company. And she can cook.” He puts his hand on Tasha’s leg, and Porter rolls his eyes. “I can stay,” Javier says. “But I think there’s some squirrels living in the wall of my cabin. Can we do something about that?” I add the issue to my laundry list of other things I need to tell Mr. Lamont about once I can actually get ahold of him. He leaves way too many of the responsibilities to me, and I hate it sometimes. I bite the end of my pen and try to think in a straight line. “It’s too late to get any new people hired on, and I can’t do this by myself. I’m inviting some of my friends up to help out.” I take my phone out and send a group text to my girlfriend, Bezi, and my friend Paige. ME: Do yall want to come up to the camp for a few days? Bezi, I know you were gonna pick me up anyway but can you come up a few days early? I can comp you a cabin and maybe yall can help me fill in a few of the “victim” roles? I’m short staffed. PAIGE: I’m in. Three little dots pop up and then disappear, as if Bezi is typing and erasing a response. Bezi is big on outdoor stuff. She loves the camp setting, but she hates that Mr. Lamont is running the Camp Mirror Lake game out here. She thinks it’s weird, and if I’m being honest, she’s not wrong. Mr. Lamont’s motivations for running the camp are clear—he loves money and the attention that the camp gets even when it’s not always positive. Bezi’s response pops up a moment later. BEZI: Sure, babe. Hey Paige . . . be ready when I pull up because I am not waiting around. I know you like to take your sweet time. PAIGE: Whatever Bezi. Don’t rush me! ME: If yall get here soon enough you can play tonight’s game. PAIGE: I’m about to be so dramatic.