kind of on Finn’s side here.” I choke out a laugh. “I’m . . . not sure how to react to that.” Her sigh crackles through the phone. “You haven’t prioritized your writing in so long. Are you sure you even want it anymore?” “Yes. Of course I do.” More than almost anything. Not even to be published, but to have the satisfaction of completing my book, typing THE END and giving my characters the resolution they deserve. Anything that happened afterward would be icing. It isn’t that I disagree with her—not necessarily. I just hoped there was an easier solution here, one that didn’t end with anyone heartbroken and my career left up to chance. I place a hand on my chest, rising and falling with the quickening of my breaths. The anxiety crawls up my throat, tightens my lungs. I don’t know how to explain that it’s possible to want something without actively trying to get it. Although maybe she understands—after all, I did it with Wyatt for so many years. Even then, I convinced myself I was happy with what we were, because anything else would have required changing the status quo. It would have meant taking a risk, that thing I’ve avoided for so, so long. “If you take this job,” Noemie continues, “then nothing changes. You know how that story goes. And you can get a little codependent on your work.” “Pot, kettle.” A sigh. “I know, I know. But if you think about it, as stressful as your jobs have been sometimes, they’ve been comfortable. It’s not one hundred percent what you want, but it’s less scary than cutting ties and trying something new.” “What if that’s it? What if—what if I’m just too fucking scared?” I say it too loudly, realizing that there are tears in my eyes. “What if I try and it doesn’t work out?” “Then you have a soft place to land.” Her voice is gentle. “You have your family. You have me. And, well, I have a lot of time to talk during the next few weeks because . . .” A deep breath. “I got a new job. I start in January.” I sit up, crossing my legs and settling back against the headboard. “And you’re only telling me now?” “You were in panic mode. I was waiting for the right time,” she says. “I’m going to be an in-house publicist at an organic snack-of-the-month subscription company. I didn’t want to tell you until I had the offer because I didn’t want to jinx it—and I just got it today.” And despite everything, I let out a laugh, because if that isn’t the perfect job for her, nothing is. I can hear the excitement in her voice. “Nome. I am so, so happy for you. Truly.” “Thank you. And I hope you know . . . you have the room in my house as long as you need it,” she says. “But Chandler? I hope you decide you don’t need it. Not now—I’m not kicking you out or anything. But