picture of them dancing platonically in the Post.” “You read terrible newspapers.” “It’s my job.” “That’s the other thing. Stefan’s pissed you didn’t call right off.” “How is he?” “He doesn’t change, Cal.” I don’t think that’s true. Stefan Tonfamecasca is a four-dose Titan. In some sense, changing is the essence of what he does, even as he remains the same ruthless bastard he’s always been. The cumulative increase in height and mass takes him beyond the merely human into some new territory I don’t understand. No one understands. Not even Athena, his youngest and best beloved daughter, and probably the last natural child he will ever have. I say: “Nor do you.” She looks away, leaning back into the dark. The chair creaks. Athena was five feet five and twenty-nine years old when she was crushed under a collapsing wall. She lay in hospital in a coma for two weeks, something like seventy of the bones in her body broken into more than one fragment, most of her organs on the brink of shutting down. She and Stefan weren’t talking. He’d cut her off and she’d told him where to shove it. She was living a normal life. With me. I sat with her every hour of that coma, and the doctors came every day and told me it was never going to change. So I called Stefan, and he came. Now she’s just over seven feet tall, and weighs in excess of one hundred and thirty kilos. She is the notional heir to the Tonfamecasca family company—not that Stefan ever proposes to step down. But what she isn’t, any more, is mine. And though I try to take care of her, the truth is she doesn’t need it, and I do need her help. So I swallow my pride and I ask her again what Roddy Tebbit was doing for Tonfamecasca. “We honestly don’t know,” Athena says. “Stefan can’t find him anywhere. He just appeared out of the air.” “Would he tell you?” “He tells me everything.” “I hope that isn’t true.” Huge eyes look into mine across the desk. She finally has a body big enough for the soul within. “I’ll call you, Cal, if I get anything more. Say you’ll do the same.” “I’ll do the same.” “Now mean it.” “I’ll do the same.” The floor creaks as she leaves, huge hand trailing across my shoulder for just an instant, soft like snow. * * * — I’m calling it, or maybe my bed is calling me. My apartment is tucked away next to the office; most people think the plain little door just alongside the one with my name stencilled on it is a closet, but it’s a nice, cosy space: a galley kitchen dining, and a bedroom with a glass roof section like a little greenhouse that looks straight up into the sky. I can lie down and watch the storms as they roll off the mountains and pass overhead. In summer I have to pull the blind across or the sunrise wakes me almost before