to leak. I pull myself up on the arm of a chair. “I’m not a cop,” I say, because it was ready in my mouth and I have to say something. “I know,” Maurice says, and punches me in the face. His fist is like a solid block of stone. Of course it is. There’s only one way he’s mobile right now. He’s been in a T7 suite: bone surgery, muscle graft, and a few microdoses to join it all together. He’s probably only about seventy-five percent healed, but he’s also an extra twenty kilos of bone and muscle already, maybe the new carbon tube bone struts. And he got the first shot in. Sam would say this is what happens when you’re not professional about everything. I wish he was here. * * * — I can’t fight a two-dose Titan bare-handed from a standing start. I need an edge. I’ve always known that. I fight fast, smart and hard, because the longer it goes on and the fairer it is, the more likely I am to lose. This isn’t even fair; it’s tilted the other way already. I let Maurice’s next punch throw me across the room. I lose track for a moment in mid-air, fight to stay conscious, then come back to a big-style tumble with lots of furniture. A table smashes under me, thank god not made of glass, just old dry wood, local work. I could die here. Hell, maybe I already have and I’m just catching up. I go into my pocket and hope like hell what I’m looking for hasn’t fallen out in all the commotion: the folding corkscrew Athena gave me on our first anniversary. In my pocket, with my left hand, I flip it open, then grip it as if I’m going to uncork something two and a half metres tall and north of two hundred kilos. I don’t want Maurice to see it before I’m ready. He’s having a fine old time stalking me through the mess in Elaine’s living room. She’s saying something, but he’s ignoring her, because he has a plan. I’m pretty sure it goes: kill Cal in front of Elaine, receive her eternal gratitude and admiration. I’m pretty sure his whole thing this last while has been covering for Elaine. He knew she killed Roddy and everything he did was to keep that from everyone else. I’m pretty sure she never asked him to. As if she’d need him to cover for her: Elaine Tonfamecasca, killing the man who almost murdered her, who came back into her life under another name. I doubt it would even go to trial. “Get up,” he tells me, “I want you to see this one coming.” I get to my feet slowly, as if I’m worse off than I am. It’s not hard, because I’m worse off than I want to believe. There’s a lot of blood coming down out of the bullet wound. I already know it’s going to get worse. I need him to overcommit. Trouble is, he doesn’t have