to decide what to do with you, she thought. He squirmed, nearly spitting. “Mr. Shepherd,” he called. Hephzibah felt her body go on alert. She hadn’t seen him downstairs. The footmen had opened the front door, seated her, escorted her to the dining room, brought her wine. Not Shepherd. She’d been braced for him. It had to happen—she had to see him; it was inevitable. It was like pulling a tooth, she told herself. A necessary and shocking pain that would subside as quickly as it came. That was what she wanted. Something sharp and clean. But he hadn’t appeared. She began to hope, to believe, that he wouldn’t. This was an enormous house, full of hundreds of people. It was possible that they might never cross paths again. The last time she’d gone to see Mr. Shepherd, she’d nearly slipped on the parquet. Not for nothing did she hate that floor. Eighteen years ago, and she’d been hurrying to the stairs, skidding, nearly falling on her face. She couldn’t stand the smell of beeswax, to this day. Shepherd had done what he always did. He took his report. He had a way of asking questions without using the necessary words. It didn’t make it any less revolting. It made it worse, as if the discussion were being bleached. She recalled the scratch of his pencil, the feeling of nausea, as if someone were shoving their fingers down her throat. She left Park Lane that night. The scullery maid called Dolly Brown gobbled herself up. She dissolved, disappeared. She would never come back. Sometimes, when things were very painful, it was best to draw back. Hephzibah did that now. She didn’t let go of the lamp-boy, but she leaned away from the door. She could see Shepherd on the other side of it. Evidently, he had been hurrying in the other direction, and he didn’t look at all pleased to be waylaid. He peered across the room, spotting her. Hephzibah heard him speaking to the footman, sotto voce, flustered. “Who is...?” “Hephzibah Grandcourt,” she said, standing, facing him fully. “That is my name.” * * * The early hours of a ball were a febrile, anxious affair. Things could swing in two directions. Dull or magnificent. There was nothing in between. When Winnie entered the house, leaving her pyramid glittering in the road, she made for the garden, where the most eye-catching entertainments would be held. She stepped nervously onto her raft, balancing precariously, the hosepipes chugging as they flooded the courtyard that had been turned into the Nile. She could see her own painted reflection in the scabbards and spears of the other entertainers. The courtyard walls glittered with lights. “Miss de Vries,” someone called from the terrace. “You must be the first to cross the Nile.” Applause went up, a delighted crowd appearing at the top of the steps. The barges, which were rafts joined up with painted and gilded chairs, bobbed merrily on the surface. There was a dank smell to the air: too much tepid water in a