inhabitants.” Bambleby knelt to scratch Shadow’s ears. “Why not give your map to Lizzie and Henry? Let them go tramping through the wastes, they’re quite good at it. As for this Auður, I understand from your field notes that she is a mute. What do you expect to get out of her?” I blinked. “You read my notes?” “Last night. How would you characterize the brownie you saw in the house?” “I suspect it to be a wight of some sort,” I replied.[*2] “How dull,” he said. “I hate wights—such tedious creatures. Perhaps we should divide our efforts. You go poking about the haunted house whilst I introduce myself to our headwoman. If we’re to be interviewing the locals, etiquette would suggest we start with the one in charge.” “Let’s leave the tavern for this evening, shall we?” I said, knowing that if he went there now, he would not come out again till midnight, and not because Bambleby is much of a drinker, but because he would encounter so many targets for his conversation. He smiled. “As you wish. I approve of your plan, Em. This field study was your initiative, after all.” “I take that to mean that my name will go first in the paper we present at the conference?” “Of course,” he said calmly, as if there had never been any doubt in his mind. Perhaps there hadn’t. His expression was perfectly open in that disconcerting way he has of moving from mischief to guilelessness in the space of a heartbeat. Bambleby never attempts to charm me in the way he did Krystjan. It would not work if he did, and I suspect that he knows this. He swallowed the last of his tea, gave Shadow another pat, and wandered out the door. “Where are you going?” I demanded. “I told you. I won’t be long. Take the time to scribble in that journal of yours.” “And you’re just going to go wandering about the countryside like that?” I said, waving a hand at his robe. The amusement returned. “You needn’t worry about me, Em.” “Worry!” I scoffed, but the hem of his robe had already vanished through the door. SKIP NOTES *1 Bran Eichorn, whose mother was a Ljoslander, wrote one of the few papers on the subject of the Ljosland Folk, though his research is based entirely on oral accounts—it is unclear if he visited Ljosland himself. I will not name the paper here as it is a poor example of scholarship, being mostly a screed disguised as a rebuttal against Danielle de Grey’s “The Importance of Hearth Faeries in the Northern Latitudes” (Modern Dryadology, Spring 1848). Eichorn spent much of his early career obsessed with de Grey. *2 Over the last two or three decades, the word “wight” has evolved in academic discourse to refer to all those household brownies whose behaviour towards their host has become centred around malevolence. 29th October—evening He was lying, of course. After I finished the morning’s journal entry, he still hadn’t returned, so I decided to set out on