sweltering. Or sweltering for the midcoast anyway, which is to say extremely comfortable when compared to the swampy summers of southern Indiana or the burning-under-a-microscope heat of July in New York City. A midcoast summer day is the exact day you pine for in the dead of winter. Still, after ten minutes of following the curving road, past overflowing rhododendron bushes and graying wood-shingled inns being scraped and repainted for the hundredth time, I’m wishing I’d put a tank top on under my sweater. I’ll have to find a cab back, easier said than done in a tiny village like this. Usually, Sabrina schedules our transportation, and I’m not sure how far ahead she has to do it. If I waited on all of you, this friendship would already be over, she said. She’s not entirely wrong. Friendship with Sabrina, with this whole group, has always felt like a current I could toss myself bodily into. And that’s what I’m most used to: coasting along on other people’s whims and feelings. It had never occurred to me that that could be read as apathy. That they might think I just don’t care. Guilt twinges through me. The cracked sidewalk turns and deposits me in town in front of the coffee shop. Under the faded awning over its walk-up window, collecting a recycled drink carrier, is Cleo. She stiffens at the sight of me, slowly lifts one hand. I do the same. For a moment, neither of us moves. Then the barista calls out, “Doug!” and the only other waiting customer nudges Cleo aside to pick up an order. She ambles toward me with her carrier, and I meet her halfway, in front of the cheerily painted bench in front of the Italian restaurant. In between rows of cutesy red cartoon lobsters, in cutesy font, are the words FOR CUSTOMERS ONLY!!! “Hi,” she says. “Hi,” I say. She lifts the drink carrier. “Coffee?” “Then you’d only have three left,” I say. She cracks a half-hearted smile. “The salted-caramel latte is for you.” I look down at the carrier. Three very average-sized drinks, and one that’s the coffee shop equivalent of a Big Gulp. “So they were out of 5-Hour Energies and Adderall, I see.” Her smile widens. “I couldn’t carry five drinks. So I got one big-ass Americano for Sabrina and Parth to split, a black coffee for Wyn, and a matcha for Kim.” My chest stings. “You have our drink orders memorized.” She lifts one shoulder. “I know you.” Another beat of silence. “You want to walk for a minute?” she asks. I nod. “Here.” She balances the carrier on the bench and pries my paper cup out of it. “I’ll Venmo you,” I say. She winces a little. “Please don’t.” We meander down toward the water, the brine in the air thickening. After a second, I tell her, “I never learned how to fight.” She glances sidelong at me. “Especially not with people I care about,” I say. “I mean, not with anyone. But especially not with the people I love.