the gauges. They’re set to double.” “None of that means anything to me.” “It means you should get ready,” said Jane-one firmly. * * * Alice had slipped into Miss de Vries’s bedroom. She envisioned the other women looking for her, growing angry when they couldn’t find her. She pictured Mrs. King’s face, her disappointment, confusion. Alice’s nerves were skimming through her skin, fingers trembling. She moved like a mouse, zigzagging, touching Miss de Vries’s bureau—because it was something cool, something solid. Her crucifix felt hot, sweaty, the chain scratching her throat. She was tempted to throw it out of the window. What use was it now? She heard a soft tread from the passage. It made her start, swing around. The big bedroom doors rolled slowly back. Miss de Vries stood silhouetted in the lamplight. It made Alice squint, put a hand to her eyes. The movement must have alerted Miss de Vries to her presence. She heard her say, on an outward breath, “Ah.” Miss de Vries stayed standing on the other side of the bed. The sight of her, so familiar, made Alice’s heart start pelting. She knew every inch of Madam, every line: every nick and hollow. She’d watched her long enough. Good, she thought, mind racing. Keep her here. Keep her with you, away from everyone else. Just as Mrs. King would have wanted. But it wasn’t Mrs. King’s orders that made her cross the carpet. It wasn’t because of the plan. It was something different, circling deeper in her gut. For once Miss de Vries’s expression was easy to read. Anger. Alice felt it in her own body, too. It enraged her, that she should be so frightened, that she should be made to feel so. “Whatever are you doing up here?” said Miss de Vries. “I...felt unwell,” said Alice. “I didn’t want to cause a fuss.” Miss de Vries took a half step backward. “You should go to your own room, not mine.” Her headdress glittered; her shoulders were pale in the light. “Are you feeling faint?” Alice didn’t move. “Yes,” she said. “Then sit down, for heaven’s sake. I’ll send someone to help you.” “No,” said Alice, voice rising. “Don’t. Please.” Miss de Vries stared at her. Something was working in her mind, and it was hard to interpret. She raised a hand to her forehead. Her movements seemed fractious, edgy: there was something crackling in the atmosphere around her. “I hope you’re not going to be disagreeable. I’ve had a very long evening.” She was still close enough that Alice could smell her. A stinging scent, something bitter, something burned. It clung to the silvery white-blond sheen of her hair. “Madam,” said Alice, taking a breath. “Your costume.” A pause. Miss de Vries’s eyes darted to meet hers. “What of it?” Alice made sure her voice didn’t sound weak. “Are you pleased with it?” Miss de Vries looked startled. She regarded herself in the long looking glass. She was a column of black crepe and jet ornaments, her train pooling behind her like