return her to her current state. She will remember you. She will remember all of you. You can’t promise that. You can’t promise anything. It could go wrong. Everything could go wrong, and she could— Nurse Ratched touched his cheek with one of her tentacles. I have made my choice, Victor. I know what I am doing. Please do not take this away from me. You brought me back once. I know you can do it again. All I ask is that you do not leave me behind. I hate this city. It smells bad. I want to see the forest again. Nurse Ratched. I … I know. But I do this for you. Because of what you’ve done for me. Let me help you. Let me help Rambo and Hap. Let me help Gio. He wiped his eyes. I can’t lose you. You will not, she said. I am not done with you yet. When you are old and gray, you will need me to monitor your health to ensure you live longer than any human ever has. I will be by your side. I promise. “I promise,” he said as the alarms blared around them, as Dad and Hap fought with devastating blows, as Rambo screamed for Nurse Ratched to hurry, you need to hurry, they’re coming, they’re coming! Nurse Ratched stopped in front of Victor. He looked up at her. On her screen were the words YOU ARE MY FRIEND. She said, “When you found me, it was the greatest day of my life, though I did not know it then. I have watched you grow into the man you have become. In the end, that is all that matters. In case this does not work, in case you cannot bring me back, I need you to know that you are precious to me. And if you tell anyone I said that, I will drill you until there is nothing left but bone and gristle.” Hap grunted as Dad threw him across the room. He skidded along the floor, crashing into Rambo, upending him onto his back, wheels spinning. Nurse Ratched rolled toward the computers, the silver box raised. Vic shouted after her. She didn’t stop. Until Dad rushed toward her, curling in on himself. His shoulder smashed into her side, denting her casing. She fell end over end, her screen cracking, her tentacles flailing. The silver box slipped from her grasp, bouncing along the floor, coming to a rest in front of Hap and Rambo. Pounding on the doors down the hall. Voices, so many voices. Let us in, let us in. Dad started toward them. Vic pushed himself forward, landing awkwardly on his side, wrapping his arms around Dad’s leg. Dad looked down at him, a frown on his face. “What are you? What do you think you’re doing? You can’t—” “Nurse Ratched!” Vic shouted. “Get up, get up, get up!” She tried to right herself. She tried to push herself up. She fell back down, one of her tentacles snapping with an electrical snarl, skittering along