Rockettes would expose the truth about her abilities, and there was a good chance the one thing she loved doing would be sullied by other people’s opinions. This was madness, and she’d probably be cut in the first round. She sidled toward the door, wondering if she should make a break for it. Vanessa, meanwhile, had pushed herself to the front of the crowd of girls and stood with a hand on one hip, confident and strong. One by one, they were called over to be measured, standing against a wall while an assistant checked that they were neither shorter than five four nor taller than five eight and a half. Three girls out of the forty assembled were dismissed right away. The rest were given a stiff white card with a number on it and a large black safety pin and told to pin the card to their leotard, just below their left shoulder. Marion got number 310. Vanessa was number 299. A genial-looking man with a wide forehead and a narrow mustache stepped forward. “Ladies.” He clapped his hands. “You’ll notice that there are numbers marked in tape on the floor. Please stand on one now.” They rushed into place while he waited. Vanessa got a good spot at the front, while Marion sought safety in the very back. “I’m Russell Markert, the director for the Rockettes. We are looking for forty-six girls for this year, thirty-six to be performing at any one time while ten have the week off. I’m not going to lie, this job is not for the lazy or the vain. If you pass the audition, you will become part of a machine that operates day after day entertaining this great city. There will be times when we rehearse into the night, then you’ll get up early and perform first thing the next day. If chosen, you will be exhausted, your body pushed beyond its limit. But in return, you will be part of a company that is the most supportive, wonderful dance troupe in the world.” He paused. “Although maybe I’m a little biased.” The girls laughed. “A little history for you first. I founded a precision women’s dance company in 1925 in St. Louis, known as the Missouri Rockets. We came to New York and performed on Radio City’s opening night, way back in 1932. And we’re still going strong today, God help me.” He put a hand to his forehead and pretended to faint, making the girls laugh again. Marion felt her muscles loosening. Maybe this wouldn’t be so bad after all. Mr. Markert called for his assistant, a woman named Emily who had thick, short bangs and wore a jangle of charms on her wrist. “Emily’s going to show you a ballet routine, four measures, eight counts each. She’ll demonstrate it twice, and then you’ll do it on your own. Emily ran through the combination, a simple petit allegro followed by an adagio with lots of arabesques. It was hard to see her through the rows of bodies in front of Marion,