fire up an anagram maker and try that. Go carpophore hobo And so on. I fall asleep again there, in the chair, and if I dream again, when I wake I don’t remember. * * * — Standing in the lobby of Roddy’s building waiting for the elevator. “Jerelyn?” “Yes, my darling.” “Roddy ever talk about old movies with you? The Marx Brothers?” “I don’t think so.” Someone’s holding the elevator on floor six. Jerelyn says the Millers are going away for a long weekend. “Mr. Miller never learned to pack light.” The light doesn’t move. “How about Rufus?” “How about him, what?” “You think he could have done it?” “Why would you think so?” I tell Jerelyn about the hair. She makes a face. “That is disgusting.” “It is, isn’t it?” “That man.” “You think he did it?” “Yes. Absolutely. Arrest him.” “You think?” “No, but now I absolutely wish that I did. Hair. Oh my god. My hair?” “Everyone’s hair. But probably women he finds attractive.” “Now I’m offended as well as revolted. Personally and on behalf of the sisterhood.” “You don’t need to take a vote?” “There is a mystical democratic connection which binds all women together. Also: do you hear what you just told me?” She shudders, then laughs. “Collecting hair. Eeeeyuch.” The elevator arrives, and I step in. * * * — I walk into Roddy Tebbit’s apartment and look around. I look for old media: discs and optical storage, even tape. I look for a backup hard drive. Something more accessible than the genetic stash, something for every day. Usually when you do this you’re looking for the disreputable collection, the ordinary things someone doesn’t want you to know. The cheap bikini snaps, the long-cherished personal nudes with old lovers. Sometimes it’s a fetish. Sometimes it’s darker than that. Roddy Tebbit doesn’t have much of anything to be nervous about, that I can find. I go into the bric-a-brac again looking for pictures, for history. Postcards from Italy: a bronze boar from Florence, the Vatican in Rome. An appallingly erotic Psyche and Eros. Three or four of Canova’s Perseus Triumphant, holding Medusa’s head in one hand and that weird hooked sword in the other. I remember the picture of Roddy in Susan Green’s sketchbook. I was wrong: not Achilles. And not Medusa, in Susan’s drawing, but a bearded Zeus. Figure it’s a stand-in for Stefan. We’ve all felt like that from time to time. Roddy Tebbit had lost his wife. Everyone says so. You’d think he’d keep something. But when someone dies—especially when someone dies and their spouse is going to live for a whole other lifetime—often the survivor doesn’t need or want to be reminded. You think of widows’ houses as full of pictures of the dead, but many times they’re not. Many times they look towards the future as if the past is just last winter’s snow. I keep looking. Some arthouse snaps of another city, could be anywhere, just as easily Istanbul as Denver. Come to that it could be both: holiday snaps