into another. “Harriet,” he rasps, shaking his head. “It was more complicated than that.” More complicated than thinking I’d betrayed him. It wasn’t that he was angry. It wasn’t that he didn’t trust me. He just didn’t want me anymore. It feels like my body is turning to sand, like in a minute I’ll be nothing but a shapeless heap on the floor. “I was in a dark place,” he goes on. I turn from him because I feel the cracks spreading, my eyes stinging. “I know.” I did know. Every second of every day. “I just didn’t know how to fix it,” I choke out. “You couldn’t have,” he says. I close my eyes as I try to gather myself, stuff all these messy feelings back down. The truth is, I knew he hated San Francisco. I felt guilty that he’d followed me there. Guilty about keeping him there, even as it was killing me not being able to make him happy. His hand slides through mine, tentatively lacing our fingers and tugging me back to him. “It wasn’t just that,” he says. “My dad . . .” I nod, the ache in my throat too severe to speak. Hank’s passing was so sudden. I don’t know if that made it any worse. There never would have been an okay time to lose him. Not for Wyn. Not for anyone who knew Hank. Everything combusted at once, and somehow I still thought we’d make it. When he promised to love me forever, I believed him. That was what made me the angriest, with both of us. “I didn’t think that I . . .” His eyes hold mine, his jaw muscles working. “I never wanted to hurt you.” “I know.” But it changes nothing. “All I want,” he says, “is for you to be happy.” There it is again, that word. “That’s what I was trying to say, down in the cellar,” he goes on. “That I don’t want to do anything this week that messes anything else up for you. And I’m sorry I almost did.” The pieces click together. “I’m not with him,” I say. “There’s nothing to mess up.” His lips part. I wish I could roll the words back into my mouth and down my throat. “If that’s what you were getting at.” “Okay,” he says. Okay? What kind of response is that? After a beat of awkward silence, he says, “I’m not either.” I suppress a smile. “You’re not in a long-distance relationship with my coworker you’ve met once?” An irresistible blush hits the tops of his cheekbones. He knocks his foot against the leg of the air hockey table. “I can hardly believe it myself. The chemistry was undeniable, but it wasn’t enough.” I swallow the second half of a laugh, and he looks up at me from under that one lock of his. “There’s no one else,” he says. It doesn’t matter, I tell myself. It can’t matter. He wasn’t happy with you. He broke your heart. He was never yours to keep, and