job. But when one of Marion’s skates slid out from under her and she wobbled, Judy grasped her hand and didn’t let it go. “Nathaniel comes by the house every few days,” said Judy. “Sometimes I think Dad should just adopt him as his son and get it over with. He likes Nathaniel way better than me. They can cut me out of the picture altogether.” “Do you want to marry him?” Marion hadn’t ever been asked this by anyone; the wedding had simply been a given. “I don’t know.” “I think you could do better.” She hadn’t even considered that Judy might have an opinion on the matter. Never mind such a strong one. Marion’s defenses rose. “What’s wrong with him? He’s kind and funny, and we know his family well.” “You don’t mention love at all. I mean, I don’t have much experience, but I would think that comes first.” “You’re right. You don’t know.” Marion regretted snapping at her as soon as the words came out of her mouth. “Sorry. I can’t think straight anymore. It feels like there are two separate tracks of my life running at the same time. The one where Dad and Nathaniel expect me to come home and become the good little wife, and the one where I’m a successful dancer.” “I wish I could do something to help. I really do.” They continued skating in slow, easy circles around the rink. “I want you to come to see the Christmas Spectacular at Radio City,” Marion said. “I’m not sure that’s a good idea. Dad would kill me.” “Part of growing up is striking out on your own path, doing what you think is best,” said Marion. “That’s what I’m doing. I’m having an amazing time, I’m earning my own money, I’m surrounded by wonderful, supportive people. What I don’t get is why my father and my sister are so cruel as to cut me off for doing what I love.” “I haven’t cut you off,” said Judy. “But you’re not standing by my side, standing up to him. You can’t even come to see me dance without being scared that he’ll take your watch away from you as punishment or kick you out of the house as he did me. Meanwhile, other families make the effort to see their daughters or sisters in the show and cry with happiness when they come backstage.” She could tell she’d hit home with Judy by the way she bit her lip. Judy always did that when she was unsure. “I don’t understand why you’re content to do whatever he says,” Marion continued. “To obey his every command. You should strike out on your own path as well. Do you really want to be working for him for the rest of your life? Don’t you want more?” “I happen to like my job. And what more should I expect? I’m not pretty like you, it’s not like anyone’s knocking on my door to get married.” Marion drew back, surprised. “You want to get married?” “Of course. I