and I could feel that he was crying. “I’m sorry, Sadie,” he said. “Your mom would hate me so much for how I failed you.” My knee-jerk impulse was to say, You didn’t fail me. But of course he had. Not just then, but after—over and over. So instead I said, “But you’re here now. And you brought her favorite flowers.” His voice was almost a whisper. “Of course.” And then, with his bandaged hand, he broke one of the yellow marigolds out of my bouquet and tucked it behind my ear with the daisy. Did this one moment magically make everything better? No. But it didn’t make things worse, either. I’ll give it that. And now whenever I see a marigold, I think of my mom, of course, as ever—but I think of my dad, too. Apologizing. * * * AFTER HE DROVE away with Lucinda, I picked up my orchid from Mrs. Kim and then eyed the gallery entrance. There were still forty-five minutes left. A courageous person would return and stay till the end. But I wasn’t sure how courageous I was. It was one thing to not leave my post—it was another thing to be out and then force myself back in. I might be a few guts short of the guts I needed to do that. But I’d barely had time to consider that before, in rapid succession, I got that primal feeling of someone watching me, turned to see who it was, and caught a fraction of a glimpse of Parker, edging around the corner, out of sight. She was still here. Lingering at the scene of one of her many crimes. I took a few steps in that direction, thinking she was running away and I might chase after her. But then I saw her shadow on the sidewalk. She hadn’t run away. She was just hiding. Hiding. I would’ve expected her to be out here, gloating. Cackling. Savoring the misery she’d wrought. Hiding made me wonder. Was she ashamed of herself? Could she even feel shame? Did she feel guilty? Remorseful? Even—and I shook my head, even as I thought it—sorry? I’d overheard a few things about Parker’s life, too, during the years when we all lived in one house together. I once heard Lucinda on the phone telling a friend the whole story about how Parker’s dad walked out very dramatically one night—with his mistress waiting in the car. Parker had tried to hold on to his leg to keep him from going, but he shook her off the way you might shake off a terrier—and he had kicked so hard, Parker slammed her head against the metal doorstop and had to go to the ER. In my more generous moments, I’d sometimes wonder if her father’s leaving like that haunted her. If she was still reckoning with that moment somehow. If she’d rather do bad things and make herself into a bad person than have to face the idea that she might’ve been unlovable just as she was. Or maybe she was