to make yours. You’re not a puppet. Not anymore. Your strings have been cut. You’re free, Hap.” He pushed himself up the wall, limbs heavy. He started toward the bed. He stopped when Hap grabbed his hand. He looked down. Hap said, “You k-kissed me.” Vic flushed. He couldn’t stop it. He’d half hoped Hap had forgotten. “Yeah. Uh. I guess I did.” “Why?” He shrugged awkwardly. He wished Hap would let him go. He didn’t try to pull away. “Because I wanted to. Because I needed to remind you that you aren’t HARP.” “I’m Hap,” he whispered. “Yeah. You’re Hap.” “I f-felt it. I was l-lost in blood. You found me. Again.” Vic turned his hand, thumb brushing against Hap’s. “Something to it, I think. Maybe I was meant to find you. Before and now.” Hap looked away. Vic thought that was the end of the conversation. He was about to leave Hap to it when he changed everything. He said, “C-can … can you d-do it again?” Vic closed his eyes. “Is that what you want?” “I am choosing,” Hap said slowly, each word sounding as if it was punched from his chest. “I am making my own choice. I don’t have strings.” Vic pulled his hand away. Hap didn’t try to stop him. He took a step toward the bed. Stopped, because he had to. He wanted to. It was his choice, and he turned around, sinking to his knees in front of Hap. For his part, Hap gripped his knees tightly even as he tracked Vic’s every movement. Vic said, “Hello.” Hap said, “I—” Vic kissed him. There, in Heaven, in the City of Electric Dreams. It wasn’t like the first time. There wasn’t death and destruction raining down around them, a Blue Fairy looking on behind their mask. It was just the two of them, Vic’s hands in his own lap, Hap’s hands curling into fists. Vic was electrified, the hairs on his arms standing on end. They barely moved, their lips pressed together. Hap tasted of cold steel. Vic pulled away, but only just. He leaned his forehead against Hap’s, their eyes mere inches away. Hap said, “I … like it.” Vic exhaled sharply. “Okay.” “I l-like you.” “You do?” No one had ever said that to him before. “How do you know?” “You’re annoying.” “Gee, thanks. That’s what I want to hear after I—” “You’re h-human.” “Glad you caught on to that—” “But I choose you.” Vic swallowed past the lump in his throat. “Yeah?” “Yes.” Hap didn’t argue when Vic took him by the hand once more, pulling him up. He didn’t speak as Vic led him toward the bed. He didn’t try to stop him as Vic pushed him down onto the mattress. He watched Vic with glittering eyes as Vic knelt before him, removing his boots, first the right, and then the left. Hap pulled his legs up as Vic crawled onto the bed, pulling the comforter over both of them. They laid their heads on the same pillow, their noses brushing