love her. Before I go to bed, I text again, reiterating that the next time she is even slightly alert, we’d appreciate it so much if someone would hold the phone up so we can send our love. When my phone rings on Monday, I still hope to hear a voice telling me that my mother is awake and able to listen. Instead, I hear the words “Your mom is gone.” “No,” I say. “It was peaceful,” my aunt says. “It was time, honey. The cancer was everywhere. It was time for her suffering to end.” I want to ask her to tell me more, but what is there to say now? I want to offer some kind of help, but what can I possibly do? I apologize, although I don’t know why—maybe because I am crying, heaving too hard to speak—and ask if I can call her later. She says I can call whenever I want. My entire family is home, because my entire family is always home now. My husband hears me and comes running, my daughters know what has happened before we tell them. For the rest of the day and most of the night, I cannot stop crying. I cry while I eat or drink. I cry in the shower, and when I lie down to try to sleep. Even when I am worn out, too hoarse for my sobs to make much of a sound, the tears keep coming, silently drifting down my cheeks. All I can think about is how, at the end, I wasn’t with her. She was the kind of mother who deserved to have her child there when she died. Knowing that I had her steadfast support, that she loved and believed in me no matter what, made me so much braver than I would have been otherwise. It made risks feel smaller; it made it possible for me to trust myself a little more. Like any mother and child, we’d had our conflicts, our weaknesses, our outright failures, but there had never been a serious or lasting rift between us. Her faith in me was a safety net I couldn’t see until it was gone. I don’t know what I’m going to do without her. Without both of them. I never deserved them, I think. They were wrong to love me. But every time I try to hate myself, tell myself that I am a worthless daughter, I swear I can hear her voice in my head. It feels new. Don’t say that, she says. Don’t even think it. * * * We’re nearly two months into the pandemic, but the funeral home representative tells me they’ve never set up a live stream for a funeral and aren’t sure whether they can. We’re looking into it. My mother’s priest has privacy concerns about filming the service, and adds that it was already very difficult to choose who among my mother’s many church friends could attend. Only twenty-five people may be present. An additional person filming, he points out, “will take a place