In outliving everything, even his own emotional attachments. Assuming he ever liked you in the first place. Do you think he likes you, Maurice? Because he gave me to understand he did not. Like I think it’s possible he likes you even less than he likes me, and he really does not like me.” Maurice won’t look at me. Yeah, he knows what Stefan thinks, all right. Old bastard probably tells him on a regular basis. “And Elaine will never know why you abandoned her.” * * * — In Maurice’s version of the story, Lillian met Peter Antonin when they were very young. He was smart, she was smarter, but people didn’t always get that, because people are assholes and he was louder and brasher than she was. They teamed up, and shared credit, which basically meant he took some of hers. But they were a team, all the same, until Stefan came along, and then it was over. Lillian was free of Peter’s ego and Peter’s career, and Peter took his money and went off into deserved obscurity. Lillian and Stefan had a gay old time and then it ended. Like Stefan’s version, it’s perfectly in character, perfectly anodyne. Probably, the same PR team made them up. “So what was her name, Maurice?” “Whose name?” “Before she married Peter. What was her name?” “I don’t know.” “Lillian Brown. Lillian Beauregard. Smith. Jones. Klassen. Hatchard. Odunayo. Nespoli. Come on, man, throw something in here.” “I never heard it. I’m sorry, Cal.” “Why did you try to kill me? I honestly have no idea.” “You were annoying Stefan.” “Bullshit, try again.” He slaps his hands down on the arms of the chair. Zoegar twitches upright, hands moving to the small of his back. I figure pistols, twinned, with heavy ammunition. Maurice doesn’t see him but subsides anyway, and Zoegar doesn’t finish the draw. Maurice scowls at me. “I was just fucking tired of you, okay? Of your fucking snooping and your shit. I was tired of Athena crying about you, Cal! I don’t like that she has my job. That is bullshit. It’s bullshit and fuck Stefan for even thinking that fucking infant can do it better than I can. Okay? So yeah, sure, I hope she dies in a ditch. But she’s still family. When you hurt our family, when you reject our family, that’s all of us, and who the fuck are you? You’re no one. Some ant with ideas of humanity. Fuck you. You can’t even let her move on, you just keep her on the hook year after fucking year. You’re a prick. I was tired of it. And you upset Elaine.” I wait. “You upset Elaine,” he says again. And after that it gets pretty quiet in the room, because Doublewide is trying to look like he hasn’t heard anything and that’s the loudest silence I’ve ever heard. I didn’t tell him about Athena, and there’s no reason he’d know. I told him I was Daniel and Stefan was the lion. Now he knows better. Well, it