And that was when it struck her. Iris didn’t want time off, but neither did she want to be at the Gazette. The career she had dreamt of suddenly paled in comparison to other things in her life. Her only family was in the west now, where the war raged. She wanted to find her brother. “No, sir. I’m turning in my resignation,” she said, rising. Roman shifted beside her. “What? No, Mr. Autry, I—” Zeb ignored his newly appointed columnist, and sputtered, “Your resignation? You want to quit on me, Winnow? Just like that?” She hated the way he made it sound. Like she was giving up. But now that she had voiced the words, a weight slipped off her shoulders. She was going to find Forest. “Yes, sir. It’s time for me to move on,” she said and pivoted to Roman, extending her hand to him. “Congratulations, Kitt.” He merely stared up at her, his blue eyes smoldering like flames. She was awkwardly retracting her hand when his finally rose to meet it, and his grip was firm and warm. It sent a shock up her forearm, as if the two of them had created static, and she was relieved when he finally let her go. “If you’re quitting, then go ahead and leave, Winnow,” Zeb said with a flick of his stubby fingers. “I don’t need you anymore. But if you walk out that door, don’t expect to ever be hired again.” “Listen, Mr. Autry.” Roman’s voice was brisk. “I don’t think—” Iris didn’t hear the rest of what he said. She quit the office, found a wooden crate in the kitchen, and went to her desk to pack up her things. She didn’t have much. A small potted plant, a few of her favorite pencils and pens, a small figurine of a running horse, some grammar books, a tattered dictionary. “Winnow.” Sarah approached her with a worried expression. “You’re not…” “I’m resigning, Prindle.” “But why? Where will you go?” “I’m not sure yet. But it’s time for me to leave.” Sarah sagged, glasses flashing on her nose. “I’ll miss you.” Iris found one last smile to give her. “I’ll miss you too. Perhaps one day I’ll find you at a museum?” Sarah blushed but glanced down at her feet, as if that dream of hers was still too distant to grasp. One by one, the desks around Iris fell quiet and still. One by one, she drew every eye in the room, until the Oath Gazette came to a halt. Zeb was the one to break the silence. He walked to her with a cigarette clamped in his yellow teeth, a frown on his face, and a wad of bills in his hand. “Your last paycheck,” he said. “Thank you.” She accepted the money and tucked it into her inner coat pocket. She gathered up her crate, turned off her lamp, gently touched the keys of her typewriter one last time, and began to walk down the aisle. Roman wasn’t at his desk. Iris didn’t know where he