was forbidden in this part of the trenches. Or else Iris might have made a comment about the frequency of his gazes. The wind began to blow. It whistled over the trenches, but a few threads of air spun downward, and Roman was thankful for the coolness. That was what he was absently thinking about—his gratitude for the wind, Iris, his future articles, Iris, how much longer until sundown, Iris— when the blasts came, rupturing the quiet, blue-skyed afternoon. The shells screeched in rapid fire, earsplitting, shaking the earth. Roman’s heart shot into his throat as Iris fell off her stool, reflexively cowering on the ground. This was it. This was his absolute worst nightmare coming to life. He lunged across the distance, covering her with his body. The mortars continued to howl and explode. One after the next after the next. The blasts seemed everlasting, and Roman clenched his eyes shut as clods of soil and splinters of wood began to rain down on him. Iris didn’t move beneath him, and he was worried that he was crushing her when she whimpered. “It’s all right,” he said, unsure if she could hear him over the din. “Stay down, breathe.” At last, there came a lull, but the air steamed and the earth seemed to weep. Roman shifted his weight, easing Iris upright. She was trembling. Her eyes were wide and wild as she stared at him. He could lose himself in those hazel eyes, in wanting to calm the fear that blazed within her. But he had never felt so terrified or powerless himself, and he wasn’t sure if he was going to be able to get them both out safely. Soldiers began to flow around them like a current, preparing rifles and screaming orders. Yet there was such stillness between him and Iris. As if time was stopping. “Get your bag, Iris,” he said. Calmly, as if they had experienced this together before. She grabbed the strap of her leather bag. It took her a moment to slip it over her back, her hands were quivering so violently. Roman thought about her notes. All of the soldiers’ stories she had gathered over the past few days. The horror and the pride and the pain and the sacrifice and the victories. She had to carry those words back home. She had to live through this so she could type it out. So her words could be carried by train six hundred kilometers to the Inkridden Tribune in the glib city of Oath. She has to survive this, Roman thought. He didn’t want to live in a world without her and her words. He exhaled—his breath shook, like the bones in his body—and he looked up to the sky. A wall of smoke was rising, blowing on the western wind. It would soon cover them, and Roman could taste the salt and the metal and the soil in his mouth. Fire, cover, and move. “Are they coming?” Iris asked. She was answered by another heavy round of artillery. She jumped again as