had told her the truth from the beginning. But that would’ve reflected badly on him, as a husband and father, and to Simon, appearance was everything. “What happened on the night she died? My father never said much about it. Was she hurt badly? Did she suffer?” These were terrible questions to ask. Just saying them out loud made her feel sick. But she had to know. Mr. Noble took Marion’s hands in his. “Your father called the theater that night and they got into a bad row. Lucille wasn’t coming back to him, and he knew it by then. When she hung up, she was upset and one of the other actresses offered to walk her back to the hotel where we were all staying. The car came flying down the street but your mother was distracted and stepped off the curb without looking. She died instantly, I was told. A terrible loss for the theater, and a terrible loss for you.” He paused. “I’m sorry, this isn’t the typical job interview, by any means. Can I get you a drink? I could sure use one.” “You’re so kind, and I’m sorry if I’m going off the rails here.” “I understand. You are allowed to go off the rails. This is the theater, after all.” Marion wiped away her tears. “I’m glad she had you as a friend. And thank you for telling me all this. It’s an enormous relief, to know the truth.” “As for that drink?” Mr. Noble had a hand raised, calling for the waiter. As much as she could have used one, she needed time to think about this sudden right turn in her career, as well as the revelations about Lucille. And there was only one person she wanted to confide in. * * * “I’m sorry, but it’s just not going to work out,” said Marion. Nathaniel sat forlornly in an armchair in a corner of the Rehearsal Club’s sitting room. For once, it was devoid of residents, and when he’d shown up with a bouquet of red roses just as she was getting ready to meet Peter for dinner downtown, she knew it was time to make her intentions—or lack of intentions—clear. “Why not?” asked Nathaniel. “What about everything we talked about? Living in your house with your dad, having kids, our life together.” “You talked about that, I listened. I’m going to be working here in New York from now on, living here as well. Our paths are going in different directions, and I think it’s best we part ways amicably, don’t you think?” “But I have the ring.” He patted his jacket pocket. “Now that the bomber has been caught and it’s safe, I thought we could take a carriage ride, like we talked about.” “Like you talked about. The life you want, it’s not for me, and I’m sorry if it took me so long to figure that out.” A trio of girls walked in, giggling, and went up the stairs. Nathaniel stared at the bouquet. “Well, now I feel like