a maximum of eight hundred pounds a month with bills included, so I spend my free evenings and entire weekend at viewings until I meet Jo Bowen (whose name is actually Joseph because her mother believes free speech can’t exist if any words remain gender-assigned. Jo has a sister called James who goes by Jamie and a brother called Elizabeth who goes by Eli). Jo has a room available in a three-bedroom flat in Wandsworth located a ten-minute walk from two stations. Hi Maddie, Yes, the room is still available! You’ll be living with me and another flatmate called Cam, who moved in last week. She works as a primary school teacher’s assistant and I work in the charity sector. Are you free to view the room and meet us Sunday afternoon? x The ground-floor maisonette is an old build and the landlady, Winnie (Jo’s mum, and possibly short for Winston?), bought this house in the seventies. The kitchen has white panel cupboards, an old-fashioned oven and linoleum floors; the fridge is the most modern fixture. The corridor is long but narrow, Cam’s room is next to the kitchen, and the living room is bright and colorful, with a red sofa in the middle and a teal armchair with a tartan blanket draped over it in the corner. A painted tapestry of a rural village hangs on the wall and two tall bookcases are slotted into opposite corners. Like the kitchen, it has enough room for three people, and there’s even a small garden out the back. Upstairs, Jo shows me a separate toilet and bathroom. I picture myself in the tub, lights off, candles lit, bubbles, music, seltzer in a wineglass and bath bombs that change the color of the water pink. Then we walk into what would be my room. It’s bigger than the box room I currently reside in at home, and I briefly consider what I’d do with the space if it were given to me. The room comes with a double bed, a large wardrobe, wide windows, and a small desk and chair. The rent is more than I hoped to pay, but this is the best flat—and residents—I’ve found by far. Before Jo, I’d spent an entire day wishing the opportunity to move out had been presented to me earlier. Only a day before my search began, Shu messaged to say Lydia had agreed to them living together and they were now looking for a place for just the two of them. Since then I’d met shared-bathroom-nightmare Carrie, who’d left two used tampons floating in the toilet; four-in-the-house-and-therefore-four-sets-of-crusting-washing-up-left-in-the-sink Jennifer, and who could forget are-you-single-because-this-is-an-open-kind-of-house Tim? I’d of course met some regular people too, but not surprisingly their rooms were snapped up before I’d even caught the train home. Usually I’d stand in the corner whilst I was essentially interviewed by the prospective flatmates, but Jo offers me a cup of tea and a seat on her squashy sofa and when Cam is off the phone we all talk about work, books, and social lives (theirs far