“Nah, we’re too young for that,” he said. “Right now, we’re just having fun.” chapter eight PORTLAND, OR The Nocturnals changed my life. You changed my life. I’ve seen the whole show nine times, and I have all the original DVDs. And I actually majored in biology because of you.” The girl’s shirt says I’d Much Rather Be Unusual, which, from what I can understand, became something of a catchphrase for the show. Hux said it for the first time in season one, and then later repeated it to Meg when she insisted he find someone else so he could have a chance at a normal relationship. Finn smiles, swooping his signature over the photo while a staff member collects the girl’s $125. “I’m honored,” he says earnestly. “Thank you so much. Do you have a favorite season?” “Three, definitely,” she says. “When you and Meg were trapped in that snowstorm, and she had to protect you from that rival wolf pack . . . I rewatch that scene at least once a month.” “That might have been the coldest I’ve been in my entire life.” He passes back the autograph, then gets up for the photo. “One hundred percent worth it, though.” “Thank you, thank you, thank you,” she says, squealing as he poses next to her in front of the Rose City Comic Con backdrop. I’m sitting behind Finn’s table, notebook perched in my lap. Everything I’ve written so far is woefully banal. Loves talking to fans. Smiles at everyone. Liked filming season 3. Someone’s going to show up to take away my journalism degree any moment. Finn’s level of fame clearly isn’t the getting-constantly-recognized-on-the-street kind—that didn’t happen to us in Seattle. I was surprised he chose somewhere so public for dinner last night, but aside from the girls who stopped by our table, no one seemed to bat an eye at him. And yet here, he’s a god. The costumes, the shirts with quotes from the show and his ship name, the fans who burst into tears or suddenly turn shy upon meeting him—I’ve never seen anything like it. I’m still a little starstruck by the whole thing, and I have to wonder if that’ll ever wear off. How long it took Finn to get used to it, or if it’s always seemed normal to him. To my complete shock, he hasn’t fired me yet. But there’s something off about him today, or as off as I can tell from having known the guy for a week. Last night’s conversation kept me awake, along with the too-loud humming of the HVAC in my room. At first, I was worried about feeling lonely in the hotel by myself, but my anxiety hasn’t left much room for anything else. How was your first day?! Noemie texted, and I didn’t have the heart to tell her it might be my last day, too. Nothing from Wyatt, as committed as he is to our friendship. An email from my agent, a couple messages from my parents. Is Finn just as nice as he