is as blank as a fresh Word document. I head to the press area and collect my credentials, draping the lanyard around my neck and feeling very much like a Seasoned Professional—until I realize I have no idea where I’m going. “Excuse me, do you know where Hall E is?” I ask a Dalek. They point in the opposite direction, up an escalator. “Right down there. If you’re going for the two o’clock panel, you probably want to get there early. Anything with Nocturnals cast fills up fast.” And then, as they maneuver their blocky metallic costume into the crowd: “Exterminate!” As it turns out, they’re not wrong. I make it to the auditorium with five minutes to spare and only just manage to claim a seat in the back row. A hush falls over the crowd as a moderator with short lavender hair and a Rose City T-shirt steps up to the microphone. “Good afternoon, PDX!” she yells. Cheers erupt from the audience. She tells everyone to save their questions for the Q & A after the panel, along with some general etiquette: photos are okay but no flash, anyone being disruptive will be asked to leave. “And now, give a warm Rose City welcome to our panelists! You know him, you love him, you doodled his name in your teenage diaries—it’s Finn Walsh!” The way the audience reacts—I am not at all prepared. Finn struts onstage in dark jeans, a forest green cardigan, and graphic tee featuring some collection of symbols I’m not familiar with, a gleam in his eye as he gives the crowd a hearty wave. They roar back, a few people even jumping to their feet. The girl next to me might even be . . . crying? He carries himself differently than he did that first night in Seattle, and even the next day at lunch. There’s almost a swagger to him, a confidence that only hundreds of screaming fans can buy. Is he taller, or am I just farther away? His face is clean-shaven, the bright overhead lights glinting off his auburn hair as he takes a seat in a plush pink chair, stretching out his long legs. I may have watched those Mexley clips and one whole episode of The Nocturnals, but this is Finn performing right in front of me, or at least from a dozen yards away. And he’s good. The moderator introduces the other two panelists: Lizzy Woo, who starred as a government agent in a superhero TV adaptation, but who I’m more familiar with as a lovelorn barista in an ensemble romantic comedy Noemie and I were obsessed with a few years ago, and Jermaine Simmons, from a mermaid show on HBO we watched a season of before getting frustrated by how sexy it surprisingly wasn’t. “It’s HBO,” Noemie had said. “Why is no one getting naked?” Until this point, I’ve never considered myself someone who would get particularly starstruck. I was a little intimidated by Maddy, mainly because of how minimal our interactions were, but my Bachelor contestant, Amber