and warm.” He paused. “As a kid, I had a horse named Rusty, who was pretty much my best friend growing up. When Rusty came down with colic one freezing winter night, my mother walked him around and around for hours until the emergency had passed. She knew I’d have been devastated if something had happened to him.” He paused and looked up at Marion. “Sorry. I haven’t talked about it in a while.” “Remember, no more apologies. And I understand. As I mentioned when we talked in the Roxy apartment, you were correct in your analysis of me. I did lose my mother, when I was seven. We have that in common.” “I was rude to bring that up without any warning.” “I appreciate that you walked it back so fast. But I’ve been wondering ever since, how did you know?” “The way you looked to Bunny for guidance. You tended to echo what she was doing, which made me think you hadn’t had a female role model growing up.” He paused. “How did it happen?” “She went up to Boston to take care of a sick friend. She was always doing things like that, baking muffins for the family down the block who’d just had a baby or sitting with someone’s grandparent who was ailing. My sister and I didn’t think twice about it, just carried on with our lives. Then one morning our dad sat us down and said that she’d been killed the night before. A driver hadn’t seen her as she was crossing the street.” They stared at each other a moment without talking, members of the same tragic club. Their food came, and Marion welcomed the interruption, the bustle of setting down plates and refilling water glasses. Enough talk of the past. For once Marion was hungry. She had to consciously slow down in order to not inhale the burger too quickly. “When did you decide to study premed?” asked Marion in between bites. “After my sophomore year. I wanted to see if I could help people who had the same kinds of illnesses as my mother.” “And do you find you’re able to do that?” She was fairly certain she already knew the answer. “Not at the moment, no. Not at Creedmoor. There, it’s all about medicating patients.” “Would that have worked for your mom?” she asked, wiping her hands on her napkin. “It might have helped. At least she would have stabilized, but it shouldn’t be a long-term solution.” Marion had been so young when her mother died that she hadn’t understood exactly what was happening. For weeks after, she expected Lucille to be waiting for her at home after school. Peter had been older, but that hadn’t made the loss any easier. “What do you want to do after your residency is over?” He let out a long breath. “There’s so much. I’d like to research and eventually publish articles about the role of mental illness in people who are considered indigent. Eventually I’d like to have my own practice, working with patients