need, it sounds more like a plea. We no longer see anyone outside our immediate household, unless it’s over a screen. My best friend one neighborhood away feels almost as far as my sister in Portland. I stress over which key supplies and shelf-stable foods to buy, stock up on my asthma medicine, and try not to touch my face. I had planned to visit my mother again in mid-March, with a family trip to follow during the kids’ spring break in April. There are no more forms to fill out, no more fraught decisions to make; Mom and I just want to spend more time together while we can. The day before my flight, March 13, I call and say that I’m going to postpone my trip. She agrees it’s probably for the best. “Hopefully this will be over soon, and you and the kids can fly out in a month or two,” she says. I want my children to have at least one more chance to see their grandma. But with each passing day, it’s harder to imagine traveling across the country with them. We know so little about the virus in these early days. Is it airborne? Spread via surfaces? Do cloth masks really help? How badly do kids suffer when they get it? How much risk is compounded if you have coexisting conditions, as I do, or a developmental disability, as my younger daughter does? If one of us picks it up while we’re traveling, will we pass it to my immunocompromised mother, or her hospice nurse, or her other caregivers? At least, I tell myself, Mom’s current risk of exposure is about as low as it gets. She lives in a town of a few thousand people, hundreds of miles from the nearest major outbreak. She and her sister, who recently moved in to care for her, have a handful of masked visitors—a few of my mother’s friends from church, her hospice nurse, her priest—but Mom never leaves home anymore. While we now know that she won’t get better, she has been enjoying a “stable period,” according to her nurse. If I travel to see her now, no matter how careful I try to be in the air, or while transferring planes at LAX or SFO or SEA, I could be the one to carry the virus to her and compromise this fragile, hard-won stability. It also feels as though I’d be abandoning a household in shambles if I left. While Dan and I are both working from home now, as a scientist he is considered essential personnel and expects he’ll need to go back in eventually, and it’s not easy for either of us to get a full day’s work done with schools closed. It gets harder still when remote learning begins in earnest; our kids are grieving, isolated, irritable, and bored, and the last thing they want is to be assigned hours of busywork on a Chromebook. Our younger daughter’s Individualized Education Program—all the supports and accommodations we spent years advocating for and hammering out