Race Play. It’s not a racism thing just a preference thing Maddie Is typing … Ezra Hello? ___ Darren Fun fact about me is I never dated a Black woman before but I always wanted to try it. See more of whats out there * * * I don’t fall asleep until three. I spent the first few hours of the morning talking to Alex. Even Jo went to bed before I did. Alex lives in Putney, prefers green tea to coffee, and has a rescue Labrador called Rufus. I was the last to message, and he hasn’t sent a reply yet. Maybe because it’s a weekday and regular people are on their way to work? I remember why I’m not on my way to work. I get out of bed and the house is empty. I decide I’m going to try to look at my emails today. I wrap a cardigan around me and sit out in the garden with a tall glass of water. There’s almost two hundred emails in my work inbox, which is less than I expected considering a good portion of them will be threads and emails I didn’t need to be cc’d into in the first place. I imagine Penny told relevant parties not to bother me. I skip through all the condolence emails, opening but not really reading them. There’s one I spend twenty minutes drafting a reply for but, in the end, choose to delete it. Then I see the repetition of the words “Love Stories.” Love Stories? What’s that? Via a thread of emails, I discover they’ve followed up with Afra Yazden-Blake and signed her on, with Kris acting as head editor. I’m not usually cc’d into Creative emails, but I think Penny’s been adding me in when the rest forget to. I go through them all and gather that Afra’s book will be called Love Stories from the Middle East and when published it will be a three-to-four-hundred page book on food, drink, and desserts from the Middle East. A synopsis has even been drafted: When Afra came to London from Iran twelve years ago, alone and severely homesick, she began to cook and bake food from her mother’s sparse notes as a way of expressing what she could not yet vocalize. She started meeting men and women via social media and various community organizations before holding, what she called, “home parties” in her studio flat. Her dinners started off with just three people bimonthly; each guest would bring a dish from their home to share and they would sit, eat, drink, and reminisce. Soon, friends invited friends and the number of dishes arriving through her studio’s doors grew until her dining table was full and people were sitting on the floor, the kitchen counter, and beside the sink. Afra looked forward to these dinners because her evenings would smell like home and of cities she hadn’t seen. The “home parties” were disorganized but she loved this chaotic expression of love and friendship. Eventually she began storing her recipes and collecting guest