in front of your favorite dive ever. Sabrina, Parth, Cleo, and Kimmy are already at the front door. I take one step to follow them, only for my heel to catch in a crack between two cobblestones. Wyn appears at my side, dutifully steadying me by the elbow before I can break my ankle. “Careful,” he says in a low murmur. “You’re not used to wearing shoes like that.” Anger shoots through me like an emergency flare, the only thing bright and hot enough to be seen through the fog of nostalgia. “At this point, Wyn,” I say, jerking my arm free, “you have no idea what I am or am not used to.” I stalk off through the portholed front doors into the dark bar, a karaoke version of “Love Is a Battlefield” folding around me at full volume. The smell of fried haddock and paprika-dusted potato wedges hangs thick in the air, right alongside the tang of beer and vinegar, and the year-round Christmas lights strung back and forth over the ceiling dust the crowd in every color of glitter. As I catch up with Cleo, she looks over, the lights accentuating the bits of gold in her eyes and the matching gold undertones in her deep brown skin. Leaning in, she says, “This place never changes, does it?” “Everything changes eventually,” I say, and then, at her odd expression, force a smile and thread my arm through hers. “Remember when the lobster rolls here used to be like six dollars?” She’s not falling for the false cheeriness. A divot forms between her winged brows. “You okay?” “Hard to breathe in this dress without worrying about the seams splitting,” I say, “but otherwise good.” She still looks unconvinced. Cleo’s always been able to see through me. When we lived together, I used to watch her paint for hours and think, How does she always see things so clearly? She knew what colors to start with and where, and none of it made sense to me until, suddenly, it all looked exactly right. Wyn brushes past us, swims through the crowd toward the too-small table Sabrina’s already claimed at the back of the room. Cleo catches me watching him. “We had a little argument,” I admit, surprised by the relief I feel at sharing this tiny sliver of truth with her. “You want to talk about it?” she asks. “Let me rephrase that: maybe you should talk about it.” “It’s fine,” I say. “I don’t even know what it was about, really.” “Oh, yeah.” Cleo nods. “The am I hungry/tired/stressed or are you actually being the worst fight. I know it well.” I snort. “You and Kimmy don’t fight.” She drops her head against my shoulder. “Harriet. I’m a sober introvert homebody, and my girlfriend is a human party bus, complete with flashing lights and spinning dance poles. Of course we fight.” Across the bar, Sabrina waves us over. “Well, whatever’s going on between you and Wyn,” Cleo says as we start across the packed bar together, “you’ll figure it out.