simple: Dad’s full name, his birth and death dates, and a line from the Paschal Troparion my mother had asked her friends to sing at his burial, though he had died in midwinter. Standing beside his grave, admiring the newly placed headstone, she told me she had chosen this plot for him because we could see the town high school across the street from where we stood. “There are always people coming and going over there, so I knew he wouldn’t be lonely,” she said, then added with a grin: “And he can hear the football games every Friday!” This was so ridiculous that I had to laugh, which of course was her intention. I liked it when she joked about him, spoke of him in the present tense. Our lives may be linear, finite, but our love for each other is not so easily confined. “Dad would have loved his headstone,” she told me. Again, I agreed. But what mattered most to me was that she liked it, that it was what she wanted for him. That, in the end, she had allowed me to do this one needful thing. 17 My mother’s living room was dark, though it was only 2:00 p.m. Storm clouds had been hanging over the valley since my arrival the night before. As I went to turn on more lights, I heard her say, “This is all happening so fast.” Her friend Paula looked up from her steno pad. Consider me your hands and feet in Oregon, she had told me. For the last two hours, she had been taking notes, creating lists of calls to make, emails to send, banks to visit, forms to have witnessed and notarized. The next day, she would type everything up in a spreadsheet and send it to me: I’ve listed all the to-do items in black and added progress notes in green. Feel free to choose a color and add your own notes. She reached over to touch my mother’s hand, offering her a reassuring smile. “We know it’s hard,” she said. “That’s why we’re here to help you.” Elizabeth, another friend from my mother’s church, nodded and leaned forward in her chair. “Remember, you’re not alone. We’re all with you.” “And think of what a good, loving daughter you have,” Paula added. I heard myself laugh, but there was little humor in it. “She’ll be ready to give me back after today,” I said. No one else chuckled. Paula and Elizabeth said, “No!” in unison. Mom only shook her head. I was joking, I wanted to say to her. Like you were when I was five or six and got so mad at you that I said I was going to find “my real mom”—remember, you pointed and said, “There’s the door”? Now that I thought about it, I wondered if she had been joking. I couldn’t believe that our Christmas visit was only a few weeks ago. Since then, the entire landscape of her illness had shifted, and the faint hope we’d once possessed seemed distant now,