to the family when the elevator opens on the fourteenth floor. I’m all legs as I stumble into the hall with him, as though the slight press of his finger along my spine was what was holding me up. He stops in front of Room 1412, a lock of hair falling over his brow as he struggles with the key, like his nerves are getting in the way, which endears him to me even more. It strikes me that it could be an act, in which case I’m absolutely falling for it, but in this moment, I can’t bring myself to care. All I want is his skin on mine as we erase the world outside. A sweaty, indulgent night and a polite goodbye the next morning. The door’s barely clicked shut before he has me pinned against it, mouth on my throat. Nothing polite about it. He’s cinnamon sugar and that hint of cologne and something else, something that makes me dizzy when I drag my hands up his back and take a deep breath. My skin is buzzing, burning, alive. It’s not until he backs up to kick off his shoes, fisting a hand in his pocket to toss a conference badge onto a desk, that I get a peek at the room. He’s kept it clean, or maybe the hotel staff already stopped by to tidy up. His suitcase is open on one of those luggage racks, a closet revealing another button-up shirt and blazer. But my mind can focus on this for only a split second before he covers me again, freeing me of my denim jacket, which lands in a dark heap on the floor. I toss the bag of condoms somewhere next to it. Maybe because I’m entirely too eager, I go for his belt buckle first. A laugh slips past his lips as I yank it from his waist with a flourish. Our kisses turn deeper. Harder. He’s solid heat as he runs his hands down the sides of my body, curving over my generous hips and ass. I give it all right back. A thrust against the bulge in his jeans. A hand palming his back pockets. A shove so that I can get him against the door this time, tasting his jaw, neck, throat, fingers working to undo the buttons at his collar. Then he tugs me forward in a motion that propels us back, back, back—until my leg slams into hard, cold metal. The luggage rack. “Shit,” I hiss out, clutching at my calf as I try to regain my balance. He steadies me, eyes going wide, face gorgeously flushed. “You okay?” “Yep. I’m good.” That sting of pain doesn’t stand a chance against my libido. I could be limping and I’d still need him on top of me. “And I should also say . . .” My anxiety intervenes, reminding me I’ve never done this before. “I tested a couple weeks ago, and I’m negative.” “Me, too. Sorry, I should have said something earlier—I don’t know all the etiquette for this.”