that. Some kind of unique structure. Essentially, we know Finn has a story to tell, and this is our chance to rebrand him, while also capitalizing on what made him popular in the first place.” Strange that his manager would answer this instead of him. I glance over at Finn, waiting for him to add something, given this whole discussion hinges on a book that’s, well, about him. But he just nods, finally seeming to give up on the juice stain and adding one last napkin to the pile to his left. “Joe pretty much covered it.” Okay then. Our food arrives, and I dig into my curried pumpkin soup like the lifeline it is, trying not to estimate the cost-per-spoonful. It doesn’t escape my attention that Finn does the same thing with the utensils that he did at the pizza place. He inspects them in this surreptitious way, as though he doesn’t want anyone to catch him doing it. Then he carefully saws off a hunk of bun and portobello with a knife and fork. Meanwhile, Joe grabs his burger and takes a huge bite, either used to Finn’s habits or unaware. “Let’s talk logistics,” Joe says, dipping a sweet potato fry into eggless aioli. “We’ve made arrangements with the publisher to accommodate Finn’s schedule, so you’d be accompanying him around the country as he attends various conventions he’s already committed to.” “Oh—I see. My agent didn’t mention that. I . . . haven’t really traveled much.” This seems like the most professional way of saying that I can’t afford it. Joe waves this off. “The hotels, the flights—all of that’s covered, along with what I think you’ll find is a very reasonable per diem. And I spoke with your agent, and we’d be happy to negotiate a thirty percent increase on what you were paid for your last book.” I choke on a pomegranate seed, trying and failing to act as though it’s normal to be receiving this kind of offer—if it’s even an offer. I hate how appealing it sounds after the shit show with Maddy. Even with personal trainer Bronson’s book, we were on such an accelerated schedule that our calls and meetings never left much room for the writing to breathe. I’ve never done anything like this: getting to know a subject on a level this deep before writing about them. I try to imagine it, sitting in a corner with my notebook while people dressed as otherworldly creatures pose for photos with Finn. Then I push it all out of my mind, out of the restaurant, into the compost bins outside. There’s just no way that my next project is writing a memoir for my failed one-night stand. I’d laugh if I weren’t thisclose to spontaneously combusting from the sheer embarrassment of it all. “We expect the work to last up until the reunion,” Joe continues. “Reunion?” I repeat, hoping I haven’t missed something else. “For The Nocturnals,” Finn says. It’s the first time he’s spoken directly to me in at least ten minutes. At this