he was too tired to talk for long, it was good to hear his voice, each of us striving to sound cheerful for the other’s sake. Relieved, I let my parents draw me into conversation about the kids. I had been so focused on getting my father to see a doctor, any doctor, that it was difficult for me to think beyond the promised appointment. Even after all I’d heard about how sick he was, I couldn’t imagine that he might be facing anything like his mother’s illness, one that would render him a permanent patient and change my parents’ lives yet again. He needed help to better manage his diabetes, I thought, or maybe he needed a different medication. The community clinic was the first step; soon, we’d learn how to make him well again. 6 Several years ago, when I knew I was about to be laid off from an indie website that was shuttering, I received a statement from Discover claiming that Dan and I owed them more than fourteen hundred dollars. Neither of us had ever had a Discover card. The first customer service representative I spoke with clearly didn’t believe me when I told her this, though she did feel sorry for me. “Is there any chance that you might have opened the account and forgotten about it?” she asked gently. I assured her there was no chance of that. We were living as frugally as we could with two children, finally beginning to recover from our combined years of graduate school, but we had nothing to spare, and I was soon to be unemployed. The rational part of my brain knew the card wasn’t ours, and neither were the charges, and we probably couldn’t be forced to pay fourteen hundred dollars plus interest if we hadn’t been the ones to spend it. Still, I had grown up hearing my parents’ warnings about credit card debt, and now felt myself edging closer to panic: What if the unexplained charges kept coming and we had to pay all of them? What if we were victims of identity theft and couldn’t prove it and our credit was ruined and we were never able to rent a house or buy a car again? By the time Dan got home, I was talking to another Discover representative, my agitation mounting. It took two minutes for my husband to get the story from me, take the phone, and confirm that we had received the statement in error. The company had no idea why or how our information had been associated with the account, which did belong to someone, just not to us. They promised to send us something in writing verifying that we didn’t owe them anything. Sorry for the inconvenience. Have a great evening. Dan handed my phone back to me, greeted the kids, and started making dinner, as usual. I expect that he forgot about the bill by the next morning. For days, I watched the mail, looking for the promised written confirmation that our errant debt had been cleared.