and I was lucky to be hers. I won’t have to wonder if she understood or forgave me. I’m not holding on to anything I wish I’d told her. In the end, there was nothing broken or left unsaid between us. While my mother sleeps, my daughter and I sit side by side, our faces half-lit by the westward-facing windows, watching the sun creep down to the edge of the mountains my parents and I have known and loved in every season. We talk about the evening ahead: When Mom wakes up from her nap, we’ll ask what she wants for dinner, burgers or tacos. Maybe we’ll watch a movie, or play a game of cards—she is teaching my daughter how to play rummy—or maybe we’ll just sit and talk until it’s time for us to go to bed. We have to leave in the morning, but we still have one more night. I keep my arm around my daughter, and together we wait for my mom to wake. Notes & Acknowledgments I am deeply grateful to Marie Howe, whose words have long been a source of solace and inspiration, for permitting me to title this book with a phrase from her poem “For Three Days” and excerpt “What the Living Do” within. The quotations from Saint John Climacus’s The Ladder of Divine Ascent are from the 2012 Revised Edition by the Holy Transfiguration Monastery in Brookline, Massachusetts, translated by Father Lazarus Moore. A Living Remedy exists thanks to the skill and abiding faith of Ecco publisher Helen Atsma, my editor and fellow Oregonian. From our first conversation, it was clear how much she believed in and understood this book, two things that remained true even as the story I thought I would write gave way to something new and far more arduous. Thank you, Helen, for helping to make this the book it needed to be, and for the abundant grace and care you’ve shown me. Warmest gratitude to my agent, Maria Massie, source of so much compassionate advice, whose dedication and thoughtfulness has made all the difference in my career: how lucky I am to have you in my corner. To Carrie Frye, who’s had to listen to me talk about this book for longer than anyone else, and whom I was thrilled to collaborate with after years of trading editorial quips and metaphors: thank you for believing when I didn’t, seeing what I couldn’t, and not letting me go onstage with my kilt on my head. I have the most brilliant and supportive publishing team, and am forever indebted to the all-star crew at Ecco Books, including Sonya Cheuse, Jin Soo Chun, Meghan Deans, Caitlin Mulrooney-Lyski, Miriam Parker, and Rachel Sargent. Many thanks to Michael Taeckens of Broadside PR. And Vivian Rowe, your cover is a dream—a poem in and of itself. Heartfelt thanks to Julie Buntin, Kat Chow, Yuka Igarashi, Megha Majumdar, Imani Perry, and Bryan Washington for their generosity, care, and early reads. Jasmine Guillory, I treasure our friendship and genuinely don’t know where I’d be without