my happy place, and he. Is. Here. The very last person I expected to see. The very last person I want to see. Wyn Connor. My fiancé. 3 REAL LIFE Monday OKAY, SO HE’S not my fiancé anymore, but (1) our friends don’t know that yet and (2) when you’re engaged to a person as long as I was to Wyn Connor, you don’t stop accidentally thinking of him as your fiancé overnight. Or, apparently, even over the course of months. Which is how long we’ve kept up this ruse. A ruse that was supposed to end this week, while I was here. Without him. We’d hammered out the details over a competitively cordial email exchange, how we’d take turns on trips like our friends were the children caught in our would-be divorce. He insisted I get the first trip. So why is he here, standing between Parth and Cleo in the kitchen like the grand prize on some ill-conceived game show? “Sur-priiiiise!” Sabrina sings. I gape. Gawk. Freeze, while the seesaw in my chest swings back and forth with the force of a well-manned catapult. His hair has grown long enough to be tucked behind his ears, a sure sign that the family furniture repair business has been swamped, and he’s grown a beard too, but it doesn’t soften the hard line of his jaw or firm up his pouty lips. I’m still painfully aware of the way the right half of his Cupid’s bow sits higher than the left. At least his dimples are somewhat hidden. “Hello, honey.” His smoky velvet voice makes it sound like he’s feeding me lines in a salacious stage play. This man has never once called me honey. He never even calls me Harry, like our friends do. Once, when I had a terrible flu, he called me baby in such a tender voice, my feverish brain decided it would be a good time to burst into tears. Aside from that, it’s always been strictly Harriet. Whether he was laughing or frustrated, peeling off my clothes or ending our relationship in a four-minute phone call. As in Harriet, I think we both know where this is going. “Awh!” Kimmy squeals. “Look at her! She’s speechless!” More like my frontoparietal network is short-circuiting. “I . . .” Before I can land on word number two, Wyn crosses the kitchen, ropes an arm around my waist, and hauls me up against him. Stomach to stomach, ribs to ribs, nose to nose. Mouth to mouth. Now my whole brain seems to be on fire, random pieces of data flying at me like Hitchcockian crows: The taste of cinnamon toothpaste. The quick thrum of a heartbeat. The rasp of an unshaven cheek. The soft brush of lips, once with purpose. HE’S KISSING ME, I realize, full seconds after the kiss has ended. My legs are watery, all my joints mysteriously vanished. Wyn’s arm tightens around me as he draws back, his grip very likely the only thing keeping me from face-planting onto the Armases’ knotty pine floors. “Surprise.” His