he said, fingers steepled over his desk. “Three days to write an essay, topic of your choosing. If it’s better than Kitt’s, I’ll publish it and seriously consider you for the column.” She could hardly believe him. An open assignment. He rarely gave those out. But then she remembered what he had said earlier, and she nearly spoke her mind. I plan to write about those weak-minded individuals. “Winnow?” Iris realized she was frowning; her jaw was clenched. “Yes, thank you, sir.” She forced a smile and returned to her desk. She couldn’t afford to lose this promotion. Which meant she couldn’t afford to upset Zeb with her essay. She needed to write something he would want to publish. This open assignment suddenly felt very narrow indeed. “There you are.” Roman’s voice caught her on the way out of the lobby, just as dusk fell. Iris startled when he seamlessly fell into stride beside her. “What do you want, Kitt?” she asked with a sigh. “Are you hurt?” “I’m sorry?” “You’ve been limping all day.” She resisted the urge to glance down at her feet, at her mother’s terrible pointed boots. “No, I’m fine. What do you want?” she repeated. “To talk with you about Autry. He’s giving you an open assignment, isn’t he?” Roman asked, forging a path for them on the crowded pavement. Iris thought it was only fair to let him know. “Yes. And it’s not due to special favors.” “Oh, isn’t it?” She halted, which inspired a flurry of curses as people had to walk around her and Roman. “And what’s that supposed to mean?” she asked in a sharp tone. “It means exactly as it sounds,” Roman said. The streetlamps were beginning to flicker to life, illuminating his face with amber light. She hated how handsome he was. She hated how her heart softened when he looked at her. “Autry is giving you a special favor so he can promote you instead of me.” And that softness fled, leaving behind a bruise. “What?” The word burst from her; it tasted like copper, and she realized the cut on her lip had reopened. “How dare you say that to me!” Roman was frowning now. He shoved his hands into his coat pockets. “I was under the impression that this position would be fairly earned, and I don’t—” “What do you mean by this ‘favor’?” “He pities you!” Roman cried, exasperated. Iris froze. His words struck her, deeply. She felt the frost in her chest, spreading outward to her hands. She was trembling, and she hoped he didn’t notice. “Autry pities me,” she echoed. “Why? Because I’m a low-class girl who’s out of her depth working for the press?” “Winnow, I—” “In your opinion, I should be washing dishes in a restaurant kitchen, shouldn’t I? Or I should be cleaning houses, on my hands and knees, polishing floors for people like you to walk over.” His eyes flashed. “I never said you didn’t deserve to be at the Gazette. You’re a bloody good writer. But you dropped out of