first time leaving the fourth courtyard since giving birth. Anticipation and joy buoy me, but I don’t go far before my legs—unused to walking beyond the confines of my room—begin to tremble. My eyes moisten when I reach Grandfather. He holds my face in his hands and wipes my tears with his thumbs. I could do the same for him. I’ve never before seen a man be so affected by yin emotions. “I would bring you home if I could,” he says at last. “But this is not possible. A wife only follows her husband. But I’ve made arrangements that should help you. I’ve spoken to Master Yang.” I try to imagine what that must have been like. Master Yang has far more property and money than my grandfather, who, in turn, outranks my father-in-law in officialdom by many, many degrees. It also surprises me that he has gone above my grandmother, who should have been the one to speak—woman to woman—to my mother-in-law. This, more than anything, tells me how much my grandfather loves me, even though I’m married out. “Let me explain,” he goes on. “In situations like this, a girl’s natal family can send strings of cash or give another mou of land to secure a favor. But our family has something even better—connections. I reminded your father-in-law that my father, my brother, my son, and I have all been presented to the emperor through our achievements in the imperial exams.” A shiver runs through me. If Master Yang is anything like his wife, he will not have taken well to the suggestion that he is less than… Grandfather stares out across the pond. Koi have gathered below the pavilion, and they gape at us, their mouths begging. “You’ve never questioned me about what I did when I worked on the Board of Punishments,” Grandfather remarks after a long pause. And I never would have asked, because the world knows this is one of the most powerful positions in government and also one of the most despised. “People like me follow the Great Ming Code to determine sentences,” he explains. “We consider what method of torture will be used to extract the truth. We decide if the guilty will be punished with military service, be forced to wear a heavy cangue around his neck, or be placed in shackles in the public square. And for how long. Will someone be banished to a distant province or will his miseries end quickly by decapitation?” As I listen, I sense his anguish. “Your grandmother and I have taught you about the balance of life through yin and yang—dark and light, death and life. Everything I did, while necessary for society to function and flourish, came from the shadow side of existence.” “Is this why you became a physician?” He nods. “Following your grandmother in her practice was the opposite of all that. Medicine keeps people aligned with the cosmos.” Another silence falls over us. I’m aware of birds twittering, the trickle of the stream that meanders through the garden, the water