action or justification, without proofs, just as I am. That’s what she meant when she told me, as a child, that I could never disappoint her. That’s why she and my father always said it didn’t matter where I went, what I did with my life, what I accomplished—they would always be proud of me. That’s why she believes that there is nothing for her to forgive now. I can choose to accept her at her word or not, keep chastising myself or not, but the truth is that this is what she has long believed: I am her daughter, so I am enough. When she is gone, I wonder, can I possibly learn to be enough for myself? What would it mean—how would it feel—if I were? She has asked me what she’s done with her life, how she can stand before God without fear. I think again of my father, whom she’ll soon be with, and how he might know what to say, how to reassure her, if he were here. But I am the person who is here now. My arms are the ones holding her, and I am the one who must try to give her an answer. “You’re a loving, good, and generous person,” I tell her. “You’ve tried to live the life you thought God wanted for you. You’ve been the best mother to me. I’m so lucky to be your daughter.” It might not be enough for everyone, I know, at the end of their lives. But to me it has been everything. It is our life as parent and child, and I hope she believes in its value. I hope she knows that she was enough for me. This is all that is left to us—to hold and to love each other, to forgive, to grieve while we can. She hugs me again, and says that we shouldn’t be a mess when my daughter returns. We are sitting side by side on the sofa, holding hands, drying our eyes, when my daughter walks in with the dog. Mom announces that she’s going to take a little nap before dinner and gets up carefully, gripping my hand for support. We walk down the hall together, Buster trailing behind us. “You know,” she says, before I leave her, “I can’t seem to remember any of the bad times now that Dad is gone. I always think of him smiling or laughing or making some joke. I think of all the times when I was in a bad mood and he cheered me up. I only seem to remember the good times now.” “Because you loved him,” I say. I return to the living room and sit on the couch beside my daughter. In her expression I read compassion, sadness, weariness. A deep well of concern. Her face was the first I ever glimpsed that looked anything like mine—from the moment of her birth, I knew that I was not alone. Now nearly twelve, she never resembles me more than when her steady brown eyes, my eyes,