a thing at the office.” That sounds awful. “That sounds great.” “It won’t be. It’ll be lavish and overstated and he’s denied two pay rise requests this month alone.” He pulls me close. “I’ve got you a plus-one, but I won’t be offended if you decide not to use it. If you don’t, maybe I’ll start coughing two days before and suddenly be too ill to attend.” “No, I’d like to come.” I wouldn’t, but attending work events is a relationship thing, isn’t it? And this is a relationship now, right? “It’ll be fun.” Ben smiles. “On your own head be it. I was just leaving for a run but wanted to give you something before.” He hands me a pink rectangular box wrapped in a black ribbon. I suddenly wish I was wearing something other than his T-shirt. “What is it?” I ask. “Open it.” Inside the box, nestled spaciously on pink tissue paper are three macarons—one pale pink, one violet and one green. “Macarons?” “These are London’s best macarons,” he says. “I saw them and thought of you.” He pulls my thighs apart and stands between them. “Try one?” “What? Now?” “I did intend to give it to you last night, but we got distracted.” He leans in to bite my bottom lip. He smells different today and I wonder if it’s me he smells of. “Have one,” he says. I look up at him. “Ben, it’s eight in the morning.” “So?” He kisses me. If this were all happening on-screen, I’d ask if the macarons were poisoned. Ben stares at me and I can’t decide if his eyes have darkened or if I’m seeing things. “Okay then.” I really don’t want one but it doesn’t feel like enough of a big deal. Ben begins stroking my thighs and says, “The pink one.” I move my fingers away from the violet and lift the pink macaron from its place. I take a bite. The shell is crisp and crunches noisily between my teeth. Its sweetness stings. Ben taps my thighs, and I look at him. He smiles, then watches me chew. “What do you think?” he asks. I’m hearing a tone that isn’t there. Ben’s voice is, as always, gentle and conversational. I nod and swallow. I only briefly consider placing the other half of the macaron back into the box before Ben’s thigh tapping begins again. My chest feels weak and I want to cry. What is wrong with you? I eat the other half. This half is dry and I have difficulty swallowing it. His tapping doesn’t stop until I look at him again. I almost whisper, “Sorry.” “Decadent breakfast,” I say. He kisses my shoulder through his shirt, and I quickly close the box. Chapter Seventeen Nia I’m baaaaccckkkkk Maddie YAAAY! When can I see you? Nia Any time next week Maddie After I see my dad? Nia Sounds good. Let him know I said happy birthday I’m thinking tonight might be the night for a bath when in the kitchen Jo says, “I’m meeting some friends