through, and then my mother’s parents moved into a small house across town, giving them another tether to the area—and a future child-care provider in my energetic grandmother. In July 1981, they drove up to Seattle to adopt a ten-week-old Korean girl some friends had told them about, born severely premature to an immigrant family that did not believe they could raise a medically complex child. The doctors told my adoptive parents that I would have multiple disabilities and might never live independently, but they had spent weeks praying about the adoption and believed that I was meant to be theirs. Though they had initially wondered how their families would react to having an Asian child in the family, they stopped worrying when my grandmother charged them to go get that baby girl and bring her home to us. Given my history, they weren’t surprised when I crawled and walked later than average; they were surprised that by age two I spoke in paragraphs and was able to memorize anything that was read to me. Every day was a ceaseless drumbeat of questions and observations: why this, why that, I saw, I heard, I want to tell you, did you notice, do you think . . . ? A neighbor with four children jokingly told my mother that if I had been her first, she would have stopped at one. They were still adjusting to their new life as parents when Dad’s mother fell ill again, her body rejecting its foreign organ. My father took me to Cleveland to see her. In photos from that visit, I am a chubby, happy one-year-old in a flowered blouse and a blue corduroy jumper, no longer small for my age, boasting a toothy grin, chipmunk cheeks, and black hair that sticks straight up in defiance of my parents’ styling efforts—no one had ever told them about Asian baby hair. My grandmother, who looks so much like my father with her wide smile, broad nose, and brown hair so dark it could almost be black like mine, reaches toward me as Dad props me up on her hospital bed. He must have known that the trip was an introduction as well as a goodbye. As grieved as he would be when his mother died a few months later, a part of him was relieved that she was finally beyond her pain. * * * When I try to picture my father as he was in my youth, healthy and strong, I see him working a busy lunch or dinner shift, wearing dark pants and a short-sleeved white dress shirt with a name tag pinned to it, chatting with customers. He managed a series of pizza restaurants for most of my childhood, and if I had no school and no one else was available to watch me, sometimes I’d go with him for part of the day. I remember following him into dark industrial kitchens in the predawn chill, watching him check and order inventory. Every now and then I would try to be helpful, wiping down