grip so the shadow looks bigger than it was. But probably—and this is where the ceiling falls in—most probably a human hand as big as, or bigger than, Roddy’s. Which would mean another Titan. Bang. * * * — Musgrave still has plenty of cutting to do, and I leave her to it. I take the waterbus across town and step out at the Reddington jetty, smelling mud and water freight, and something down by the bank that died. From one corpse stink to another, and this one’s cleaner. In my pocket there’s an address written down on paper, the organ service Roddy Tebbit was signed up to. The building is a square redbrick, a converted customs barn from fifty years gone, and likely a smuggler’s den or a shooting gallery a decade later. Now it’s commercial, owned by a company in Nassau, so exactly that much has changed. There’s a main door on the front but the one I want is round the side, the loading dock where the drones are lined up with cooler boxes, and the pilots—kids, mostly, and one or two old lags from the Afghan Raptor crews—are vaping bubblegum flavours and telling one another stories about that time when: Once I saw a woman naked on a rooftop, or a man. Once I crashed a movie star’s pool party. Once I flew a MOP bomb right into the mouth of a bunker and you better believe no one got out. Once I was a hero, or a joker. Once I was a pilot. Now I’m here. I walk through them without stopping. They don’t try to stop me. It’s not clear who cares less. I hop up onto the concrete dock and walk in. The stuff on the floor only looks like sawdust. It’s a synthetic. They sweep it up at the end of each day and wash it, then lay it out again. When it gets wet, it leaks menthol, so the place smells cold and crisp, not bloody. There’s a mixed production line: robot arms packing and despatching, sorting and passing to the drones. The actual harvesting—I’m sure they don’t call it that—is done by humans, because however efficient the hardware is, nobody wants to imagine themselves, however deceased, being xystered and guillotined by a thing with a hundred tiny mechanical hands and empty silver eyes like a bead of mercury. I read where they bring cadavers here from all over. One of the many things the city is good at: the upcycling of the dead. I raise my voice to call out. “Doug Krechmer?” A man in red scrubs puts down something with a rotating blade and says: “How did you get in here?” “Yeah, it’s a regular fortress.” I point back to the loading dock. He comes out from behind the operating table so I can’t see what’s on it. Fine by me. I like to keep my dismembered bodies to one per afternoon, and even then, only if they’re professionally relevant. “Need to talk to you.” “We don’t allow—” “I can come