sign of any remaining cancer. My mother’s oncologist recommended that she undergo chemotherapy “just to be sure,” but the prognosis, we were both assured, was excellent. Her treatments would be covered by Medicare, which she had just qualified for based on age, sparing her one worry, at least—there was no mountain of medical debt waiting on the other side of this crisis. “The doctors said that after this I should be cured,” she told me. She sounded surprised. I understood why. After she’d recovered from breast cancer, her doctors had steadfastly avoided using that word; they would say that she was in remission, or that there was no further evidence of disease. Many years passed before they would pronounce her “cured.” Three months later, she had another clean scan, and her oncologist said as much again: she was cured. Grateful though she was, she still wondered at the phrase. “I didn’t think they usually said that about cancer,” she said. “I sure hope they’re right.” * * * She flew out to visit us in August, a few months after finishing chemo, toting two giant suitcases. One of them was stuffed with gifts for the kids—watercolors and markers, notebooks and pens, modeling clay and a package of multicolored sand. The three of them made enormous messes at the picnic table on the patio. I have a picture from one of those afternoons: my mom beaming in a peach-colored embroidered T-shirt, looking well despite having lost a dress size to chemo, her close-cropped hair growing back, happy to be bookended by her granddaughters. It was hot and humid, the air flecked with bugs, but she was content to sit in the dappled shade of our Kwanzan cherry tree, reading one of the mystery novels she’d brought with her or chatting with the kids while they played. She spent many hours watching my younger daughter, the only one of us who didn’t seem to mind the heat, soar back and forth on the circular swing we’d hung from a tree branch, her joy a palpable thing as she twisted in flight. Toward the end of her visit, Mom poked her head into my office and asked, “Do you have any Kotex?” Her preferred brand, and what she called all menstrual pads, the way some people refer to any brand of facial tissues as Kleenex. When my first period surprised me on one of our weekends at the beach, she bought me a package of pads and a soft-serve ice-cream cone at the village convenience store, trying to cheer me up. It’s a pain, she acknowledged, but I’ve had my period your whole life, and have you ever noticed, even once? You throw some Kotex in your bag and go on with your life. I found an unopened package of pads in the hall closet and gave it to her. We stood looking at each other, both of us thinking the same thing. Unexplained bleeding was the symptom that had led to her diagnosis the year before. But she’d had two clear scans since finishing