android grimaced, baring his square teeth. “I … wh-who are you. Who are y-you? Who are you?” He tried to stand. His metal right leg held his weight, but the wooden left buckled. He stumbled forward. “Ahh!” Rambo cried. “He’s attacking! I’m brave. I’m so brave!” He rolled forward, banging the broom against the android’s knees. “Die, murderous revenge machine, die!” “S-s-stop that,” the android growled. He tried to swat at the broom, but his center of gravity was off, and he missed, almost falling on top of Rambo. He managed to catch himself at the last moment, Rambo moving deftly between his feet, the broom knocking against the android’s thighs. “Do not touch Rambo,” Nurse Ratched said, one of her tentacles whipping dangerously in the air. “If you do, you will find it to be rather shocking. Because I will shock you. That was another pun. They do not get old no matter how many times I say them.” “Wh-where am I?” the android snapped. “What is this p-place?” “You are in the laboratory of the great inventor Victor Lawson,” Nurse Ratched said, the tip of her tentacle crackling. “And you would do well to show him some respect. He was the one who brought you back to life. Granted, I did most of the work, which is why I am your mother, but Victor needs positive reinforcement. Victor. You did a good job. We are all very proud of you.” The android lurched again. Victor flinched, taking a step back, fingernails digging into his palms so hard he thought he’d draw blood. Rambo, apparently having decided there was still an active threat, bellowed as he smacked the broomstick against the android’s back. “En garde!” The android whirled around, snatching the broomstick before Rambo could hit him again. He brought down the handle over his knee, snapping it in two. “Oh no,” Rambo whispered. “We’re gonna die so bad.” The android dropped the pieces of the broom before turning on Victor. He stalked forward, his gait awkward as if he couldn’t figure out how to bend his wooden knee. “Who a-are you?” he demanded. “Wh-what did you d-do to my head?” He grabbed Victor by the front of his shirt, jerking him forward. Vic yelped as he closed his eyes. “Wh-why c-can’t I remember who I am?” And Victor said, “I don’t know. I don’t know. I don’t—” Electricity snapped and snarled as the android seized. Victor opened his eyes in time to see him slump toward the floor, Nurse Ratched’s tentacle sliding back inside her. “I told you to show him respect,” she said. “Listen to Mother.” Her screen read THERE IS PLENTY MORE WHERE THAT CAME FROM! The android was barely out long enough for them to get him back onto the table. “Quite shocking indeed,” Nurse Ratched said, moving efficiently around the table to the android’s head. “I warned you. I will do it again if needed. Come on, punk. Make my day.” She paused, her screen flashing green. “Interesting. I have no idea where that came from.