wandering toward the Ferris wheel, saucer-eyed. “Dude, Wyn’s about to be beamed up,” Kimmy says, and I have no idea what she’s talking about, but it makes me laugh anyway. Wyn looks over his shoulder and says, “Look at it. It’s beautiful.” Sabrina stares at him for one second, then throws her head back and cackles. But he—and his not-quite-tiny gummy—is right. Everything looks soft around the edges, dreamy. Parth leads us into the Ferris wheel line. I try to pair up with Sabrina, but she sidesteps me in the queue, switching places so she’s with Parth and I’m with Wyn. “Okay, okay,” Parth says. “Raise your hand if you’re high.” “What if we all close our eyes first?” Kimmy says. “Just so no one’s embarrassed.” Wyn’s head droops against my shoulder, his laughter spilling across my skin, dripping down my spine, lighting up my nerve endings as it goes. A mixed metaphor, sure, but when are you supposed to mix your metaphors if not at thirty years old, high as a satellite? “I feel young!” I cry, which makes Sabrina cackle again, throw her arms out to her sides, and spin twice. Parth grabs my shoulders and says urgently, “We are young, Harry. We’ll always be young. It’s a state of mind.” “Now seems like a good time to tell you,” Cleo says, “Kim buys this shit from a neighbor who makes it at home. It’s not regulated. Hope you’re all prepared to go to the fucking moon.” Kimmy’s eyes have essentially disappeared at this point. “Listen,” she says, “you’re gonna have a great time. Moon’s beautiful this time of year.” Normally the idea of unregulated weed gummies might make me a tad anxious. Or, like, have a full-blown panic attack. But the way Kimmy says it and the goofy look on her face make me snort-laugh some more. “Wait,” Wyn says, face stern and serious, “how do you make gummies at home?” “Listen,” Kimmy says. “It’s a mystery.” “Listen,” Sabrina says. “I love it.” The very unimpressed twentysomething Ferris wheel attendant waves us up the metal steps to the loading platform. Sabrina and Parth take the frontmost open bench, and Wyn steadies me as we climb in the next one, my breath still coming in giggly gasps. “These,” he says, “are not my mother’s weed gummies.” I chortle into his shoulder, then pull back quickly. Well, in all honesty, I doubt I’m doing anything quickly, but I do remember to remove my face from his neck region, and that’s not nothing at this point. We lift our arms as the attendant checks our lap bar, then drop them again as he moves to the bench behind us to latch Kimmy and Cleo in. “Remember the maritime museum?” he says. I wipe my laugh-tears away with the back of my hand. “Remember might not be accurate. I have bits and pieces floating around inside my hippocampus like little soap bubbles.” “It was the trip right before your last year of medical school,” he says. “Seriously?” My hand flops onto his on