who look like that. “I’ve come to bargain.” “For what?” came a small voice out of the forest, nearer than I had guessed. “For whatever you like,” I responded, “if it’s in my power to give it.” It was a neat answer that has gotten me out of many close calls, for whatever you promise a faerie you must provide, or you will lose everything. “I like skins,” the faerie said. “Will you give me a bearskin?” “And how do you know what bears are?” For there are none in Ljosland. “How do you think?” it replied. “From stories. I like those too.” I thought it over. “I will give you a beaver skin.” Oh, I was going to miss that hat. “We will see about the bear. Now will you hear what I want in return?” “I already know that.” The faerie was sitting on the edge of the spring—I would not have known if it hadn’t spoken, for it was like a fold in the ground. “You’re a noser. Poke, poke, poking your nose in. You want to know about me, but I shan’t tell you anything.” “Why not?” He—it was a he, I think—seemed not to expect the question. “I don’t like talking about myself.” I tried not to let my delight show. The faeries of Ljosland should have known nothing about scholars—nosers are what the common fae call us on the continent. Not unless the faerie realms overlap, as I have argued on numerous occasions. The Folk can slip through locked doors and disappear into trees. Why would an ocean or mountain range keep them separate from one another? “Then we seem to be at an impasse,” I said, affecting puzzlement. “Why ask for anything if you already knew what I wanted, and that you would not grant it?” The faerie looked down at his hands, blushing and mumbling to himself. I reached into my backpack and drew out the remnants of Finn’s burnt loaf. Sighing heavily, I broke it in half and began to chew. “That looks foul,” the faerie said. He was beside me now, his long, long needle-fingers curved over the edge of a rock. I spat out a piece of the crust. “My host is a poor cook.” “I’m a very good cook,” the faerie said as soon as the sentence left my lips. I smothered a smile. Many of the common fae need little convincing to aid mortals and in fact enjoy the arrangement. “Are you indeed?” He nodded, suddenly solemn. “I shan’t tell you my secrets. But I will bring you bread if I may have the skin.” I pretended to think it over. “Very well.” I rummaged in my backpack and pulled out another tin of Turkish delights. I popped one into my mouth, then held out a handful to the faerie. His black eyes bulged. “An offering only,” I said. “Not part of our bargain.” He swelled with pride. Ljoslanders regularly leave offerings for the common fae, but I wondered if this little faerie had ever had something left for