to keep my daughter on this earth. When daybreak comes, the air feels as heavy as a goose-down quilt. I go to the gate that leads to the main part of the compound. Three more people have taken sick overnight. I let them in and point the way to the Hermitage. Then I wait on my side of the gate for one of the guards to fetch Lady Kuo. Soon enough, I hear her keeck, keeck as she approaches. I report on the situation and end by asking, “Can you send a palanquin to bring my grandmother?” My request shocks her, for it tells my mother-in-law just how dire things are inside the garden that I would be so unfilial as to invite my grandmother into such a dangerous situation. The new patients are settled when Grandmother Ru arrives, bringing Miss Zhao with her. Instead of wearing fine silk gowns and decorations in their hair, they’re attired in cotton tunics and skirts dyed in indigo with matching scarves tied around their heads. Grandmother wastes no time on niceties. “Take me from patient to patient,” she says. “I want to see each case. We will decide now who will live and who will die. We will not spend time on those we cannot save.” Over the next several days, I’m humbled to watch Grandmother. Both her wisdom and her emotional strength help me through the frightening hours. No one in the Hermitage is more important to me than my daughter. And no one is more important to Miss Chen than her son. Having two new sets of hands to treat the sick allows the concubine and me to spend more time with Manzi and Ailan, especially during those hours before sunrise when evil spirits come to prey on the weak and mothers need to attach themselves to their children to keep them from being dragged to the Afterworld. * * * Two weeks pass. A night comes when all seems quiet and peaceful. Ailan is recovering, and she sleeps soundly, with breath flowing gently in and out through her slightly open mouth. Miss Chen dozes next to Manzi. Their inhales are low and jagged, caused by exhaustion for her and frailty for him. As Miss Chen and I did earlier in the epidemic, I now sit and sip tea with Grandmother and Miss Zhao. My father’s concubine looks tired. Grandmother is another matter entirely. Her vitality has always impressed me. Now she appears drained. This ordeal is hard on all of us, but she’s seventy-seven years old. “Tell me about Meiling’s miscarriage and what happened in the capital,” Grandmother says seemingly out of nowhere. These past weeks I’ve put that out of my mind to focus on the ill and dying. Now it’s a reminder of all I still need to understand. “I’m waiting,” Grandmother says, and sends me an encouraging smile. Haltingly, I tell her about the herbs meant for me that Meiling took, the loss of her baby, and the beating she survived. Grandmother’s face grows darker with each word I