noses and mouths and eyes on their faces. They wore strange clothing: bright and frilly dresses, trousers that weren’t quite pants and not quite shorts, a hat that read GO PATS! and had what looked to be plastic straws hanging down on either side. One wore a black shirt with the word RAMONES across the top and DEE DEE JOHNNY JOEY RICHIE underneath. From the ceiling hung dozens of windchimes, some metal, some glass, some wood. They clinked and clanked as the house hummed. Each of the items had a little placard underneath, offering a description of what the item was and what it was used for. If this had been any other time in any other situation, Vic would have been eager to look at each and every piece. But he only felt cold. “My collection,” the Coachman said proudly. “It’s the largest of its kind in the world. Machines come from miles to see what I have gathered.” He sighed, shaking his head. “Not everyone likes it, of course. It has been called macabre. Worthless. An affront to decency.” He brightened. “But! Now that you’re here, I expect my fortunes have changed. How lucky was I to stumble upon you!” Hap gripped the bars of his cage, grunting as he did so. He tried to pull them apart, to no avail. “I told you that won’t work,” the Coachman said, not unkindly. “They’re reinforced. You won’t be able to escape.” His eyes widened. “But please don’t think you’re a prisoner! No, no. That will not do. You are my guests. I have a business proposition for you.” Vic tried to center himself. Deep breath in, slow, lungs expanding. Then out again, a thin stream between pursed lips. In again, then out. “What are you doing?” he heard the Coachman ask. “Are you going to break down? But I just found you! Of all the luck. Please don’t make a mess! I do hate messes when none need to be made.” “Don’t talk to him,” Rambo said shrilly. “Leave him alone. Just because Vic is—” “Malfunctioning,” Nurse Ratched said. “A minor inconvenience. A fault in his code. It will pass. Right, Rambo?” “But that’s not—oh. Oh. Right. Yes. That’s all it is. A minor malfunction. Nothing else. Vic is a robot just like we are.” The Coachman frowned. “Strange, but I’ll allow it. I’d rather talk about what’s in here.” He motioned toward the pack in his lap. “I’m very impressed with what you have. So odd.” He began to root around in the pack. “Like this!” He pulled out an old cloth, wrapped with string. He tugged it open. Inside was food: dried meat and fruit. “What is this for?” “Animals,” Nurse Ratched said. “We like to feed our forest friends.” The Coachman picked up a piece of jerky, turning it over in his hands. He brought it to his nose and inhaled deeply. He grimaced. “It smells awful. I like it. For the animals, you say?” He set it aside on the table next to his chair before turning