in the game, should feel idyllic—but there is always the lake. It’s the backdrop of this place, and no matter how hard I try, I can never quite force myself to think of it as anything other than foreboding. Upstate New York is filled with lakes, but this one makes my skin crawl every time I look at it. The splash sounds again. I huff. I know I have to check it out even though I don’t want to. Part of my job is keeping everybody in camp terrified but generally safe, and that means making sure nobody is out there disobeying our very strict no-swimming rule. On the porch, it’s so humid I feel like I’m inhaling the mist from a boiling pot of water. Everything is damp and sticky and the insects love that. There is a never-ending parade of flies, gnats, and mosquitos that drives me nuts. I keep a can of Raid in my cabin for the times when the buzzing is too much to handle. Outside, a cloud of flies and mosquitoes is swarming the light bulb. Nobody is supposed to be messing around in the lake. We have paddleboats and canoes, but they’re just for looks. Their setup replicates the opening shot of The Curse of Camp Mirror Lake with the canoes bobbing in the water and the paddleboats nestled by the dock. It’s perfect for the game. It makes the guests feel like everything is normal right before it all gets turned upside down. The lake is flat calm this morning. Like a big sheet of black glass. I scan the area to see if maybe something has fallen in—a deer, a raccoon—but I don’t see anything or anyone. Everything is still. I sigh and grab my phone, switch off the alarm. There’s no sense in trying to get back to sleep. I scroll through my emails, which haven’t updated in a few hours due to the awful cell reception. The mini AC unit in my cabin is fighting for its life, so I switch it off and grab my shower kit and head over to the community stalls to clean up. In the light of day, there’s nothing to be afraid of. The shower building is a little run-down and the stalls are narrow, but the water’s warm and I feel like a brand-new person after cleaning off the mess from the previous night’s game. I dress for the heat—shorts, T-shirt, sneakers—and as I make my way to the office cabin, the dew is already beginning to evaporate as the sun tilts through the towering pines. A layer of mist rises from the ground and billows around my ankles like a low-lying cloud. Before I head to the main office, I do a walk-through of the camp to make sure everything is as it should be. I start at the eastern edge where the control center, located in the Craftsman Lodge, is situated. The outer door is locked, and I don’t bother to check inside. There’s never any issue in there, but outside, the