until it’s time. * * * — The Heraklion is the biggest tower as you walk along the Chersenesos east shore, the one that gets the sun in the morning. On the west side, where people love sunsets, there’s the Perseid. It’s the same building facing the other way, except that the Heraklion is where Athena has a penthouse. The security is a lot better than it is on my apartment. “She dropped by my place,” I tell Ken the doorman. “Yes, sir,” Ken says. “It was a movie scene. She sat behind my desk. Surprised me.” “That must have been very dramatic, sir.” “I figured I could pay her back. Just head right on up.” “Yes, sir.” “You’re good with that?” “Of course, sir.” “So I can go right on up?” “As soon as she confirms, sir.” There are sixteen Tonfamecasca apartments in this building. Figure Ken has seen some shit. Figure Ken is not remotely interested in mine. I wait for Athena to confirm. * * * — “Come on in, Cal,” she says. She has a shoe in one hand, something from that Portuguese designer, custom-made for her. The heels have to be flared just before the stiletto tip or the weight of her body will put them through most engineered hardwoods. “I’m just getting ready.” “I don’t mean to intrude.” “You’re not. Come on in. I’ve got about forty minutes.” She’s wearing a blue silk thing that looks like she stole midnight and wrapped it around her shoulders. I go to sit down in the living room. “I’m not getting dressed out there, Cal.” “I thought you were done.” “This is a bathrobe. Don’t be an ass, get in here.” So I get the chair in the bedroom instead. Athena glances over one shoulder. “Okay, what’s up?” “I need the history.” “We did this. It’s not really my thing. You need—” “Maurice does not like me.” “He’s offended on my behalf. It’s not that he dislikes you.” “Kinda is.” She picks something out of the wardrobe in silver sequins and dumps the blue thing on the bed. Too late, I shut my eyes. The afterimage of her flashes on my retinas like a shadow cabaret: perfect silhouette stretching. I hear her chuckle, and the sound of something sheer on skin. “It’s safe to look now, Cal.” “I doubt that.” I’m right. She’s dressed, but I don’t want to touch her any less. She turns her back on me and indicates the zip. Goddammit, Athena. I zip her up. I try not to notice the heat coming off her, but I’m clumsy, and the nape of her neck is higher than it was when I used to do this. My fingers brush her spine. She doesn’t move at all, or make a sound. The stillness makes it worse. We stand that way, my arm out holding the zip at eye level, knowing it can go down as well as up, and that if I exert the tiniest tug in that direction I will begin something which cannot be stopped.