refer to him by his first name.” “How else should I refer to him?” “Historically, your clients have been, you know . . . Big Nostrils Jim. Not Anderson Cooper. Doomsday Prepper Pete. Anchovy Breath One. Anchovy Breath Two. Deep V-Neck. Anchovy Breath Three—” “I get the gist.” “Kirk is always just Kirk, which has me wondering if . . .” “Whoa.” Her eyes widen dramatically. “Am I being attacked? In my own home?” “No. I just—” “At my own table?” I shake my head. “No, I—” “On my own chair that I retrieved from the curbside and that used to have bedbugs and maybe still does?” “No! I didn’t mean to—” I notice Cece’s sly smile. “You’re evil.” She laughs. “Is Greg still on that hippie retreat where you pay to weed their flower beds? When’s he coming back? And when is the search committee voting on the candidates?” Is she trying to change the topic? “I have no idea. I don’t even know if George has already been interviewed. Greg should be back by the weekend, but he’ll have tons of messages, and . . .” “And he’ll see a million texts from you. He’ll call the second he turns on his phone. You’ll calmly explain what happened, and you’ll come up with a plan together. Don’t worry about it, okay?” I nod. As it turns out, Cece is right—I do get a call from Greg the moment he comes back to civilized society. But she’s also wrong, because things don’t go the way she predicted. Not at all. Not even a little bit. • • • MY FIRST THOUGHT WHEN I READ U NKNOWN B OSTON N UMBER IS that I’m going to be offered the job. It must be the sheer depth of my desperation making an optimist and a fool out of me. For a moment, I see myself holding back tears as I accept an appointment letter. I would like to thank the Academy, my roommate, and the girl who runs the WhatWouldMarieDo account—my rocks during the harrowing years of grad school. I owe this to you. It makes the fall back to reality that much harder. “Do you know someone named Gregory Smith?” Whoever’s on the other end of the line sounds so angry, I briefly forget how to talk. “Um—” “I sure hope so, because there are forty unread texts from you on his phone. And if you’re his stalker . . . you’ll still do. He was brought here an hour ago for emergency dental surgery, and we need someone to come pick him up.” “Pick him . . . up?” “Yes. It means that you come here. Get him. Then take him where he lives.” She’s speaking very slowly. If I told her about my doctoral degree, she would not believe me. “With a vehicle such as a car. Or a wheelbarrow, for all I care.” “I—I don’t own a car. And I don’t know where he lives. Can’t you call him an Uber and—” “Honey, he’s drugged out of his mind.