gave me a tight smile, nodded, and went straight to her room. I ordered a takeaway, ignored the calls from Mum and James until my phone’s battery died, and fell asleep on the sofa. Yes, the new Maddie felt great, but it’s a shame she didn’t bother to stay for very long. I wake up at 8:00 A.M. feeling sick, foggy, and anxious. How will I convincingly lie at work today? Please, you’re a pro now. What am I going to say when I finally do have to talk to Mum? Cross that bridge when you get to it. Did I really swear so many times? Yes, yes, you fucking did. Chapter Thirty-five Two hours into work, I realize I should have taken today off too. I’m monosyllabic and on the verge of tears all day. Everyone gives me the look, the one where they glance my way, then at someone else, before nodding in my direction. I ignore them all because I don’t want to be called into Penny’s office. Thankfully, her day is too full of meetings for her to pay any attention to me. I work through lunch and leave at four. Only outside does it feel like I can finally breathe and the relief has me burst into tears on the street. People walk by, throwing me looks but continuing with their day. I understand. They might have plans, which talking to me might delay. I walk back into the OTP building to use the toilet and wipe my face. Alex Still on to meet at 6? I really miss the new Maddie but I don’t have time to lament her recent departure. It was already time for me to be someone else, time to be yet another Maddie. Alex’s Maddie. * * * I’m so glad to see Alex that when I spot him exiting the station, I run up and hug him. So quickly has he become my safety net, my break. “You know what, Maddie?” he says into my neck. “I’ve missed you, too.” The plan is to walk through the park to his flat and watch a film. He asks me about my day and I make it up with ease, with pleasure. I should google if lying to this degree is a skill performed deftly only by the criminally insane. My lies are stretching so far from the truth I can no longer see them. I shiver at the thought of my current family affairs. No, that didn’t happen in this world. Alex’s Maddie simply came home from work last night, had dinner with her flatmates, and went to bed. As he tells me about his day, Subconscious Maddie sits, looking far from impressed. She folds her arms and pushes the twisted braids from her eyes. He thinks Dad is alive! I ignore her and she adds, Ben lied to you. How did that make you feel? I lose my footing, tripping over loose rocks. Alex reaches out in time to grab my hand. “You okay?” I nod, wiping my forehead before looking