watch hits the light as much as the yellow dress’s headpiece does. “It really was, if not too ostentatious. I’m Ben, by the way.” He holds out his hand. Oh fuck. I’ve been keeping my hands locked so I wouldn’t default to wild, nerve-fueled gestures. I unclasp and take his gently. “Maddie,” I say. “Short for Madeleine?” “Yes.” “A beautiful classic.” Oh fuck. Is that … a line? I think it is. Just be cool and say something interesting. “I used to hate it.” “Why?” Yes, Maddie—why indeed? Why did I say that, to this stranger called Ben? Especially since I don’t fully understand why I used to hate my name; something vague about how I don’t quite match it. I am simply not the person you’d expect if you’d only heard the name Madeleine Wright. “I’d look in the mirror and never felt like it fit,” I answer. “I get that,” he says. “I used to hate being called Benjamin, still do. I grew up with friends named Jared, Brick, and Colson. I felt incredibly ordinary.” I smile and say, “Oh, the trials and tribulations of Benjamin…?” “Featherstone.” I raise an eyebrow and he laughs. “Fair enough,” he says. “Do you have a less pretentious surname?” “Wright,” I answer. “Madeleine Wright.” I press my lips together and nod. “Circumspect parents,” I add. The bell rings for the play’s second half. “Oh, I have to get back.” “You’re here for the show? I came last night—that’s a shame.” “It is? Is the second half not very good?” “I meant, with my luck I would have been sitting right beside you and now I’ve missed out.” Marry me? I nod and smile. “Yes, that is a shame.” He considers me. “Or maybe not,” he finally says. “Perhaps I could take your number?” * * * I miss so much of the play’s second act because all I can think about is Ben. He asked for my number and I gave it to him. He said he looked forward to talking to me again. WHAT DOES THAT EVEN MEAN? I’d google it, but phones out during a theater performance are prohibited. “How do you plead?” an actor onstage asks. “Not guilty!” the witch proclaims. “Burn the truth from her!” a jury member screams. I think he’s in his late twenties. Ben Featherstone. What if he does ask me out on a date? I can’t go. What if it’s my day with Dad? What happens if it’s not and the date goes well? Eventually Ben would want to see where I lived. He’d expect me to live alone or with flatmates, like most people in their twenties. Maybe I shouldn’t have given him my number, but it just slipped out. Did I shout them at him or relay the numbers in a nonchalant fashion? Why am I so bad at this? Lack of practice. My first and last boyfriend (unless you count being married to Jeremiah Stephens for the duration of lunch break in year three, which I don’t, because he promptly divorced me and