placing his bowl of soup on the nightstand and fidgeting with the sheets, “that this is the most fun I’ve had on tour in a while.” “I’m guessing that might have something to do with what’s been happening in our hotel rooms?” Finn laughs, this open, brassy sound that I’ve come to learn is his true laugh. Not the one he reserves for panels, the one with slightly sharper edges. This one is smoother. Softer. “Sure, I won’t discount that. But I might have been talking about myself when I was saying that I haven’t gotten out much lately. It’s usually me and the hotel and maybe some room service, if I’m feeling adventurous.” His eyes have started drooping, his words coming out more slurred. The medication is doing its job. “That’s the way it is,” he says with an uncoordinated flick of his hand. “And I know this book might come out and nothing will change, but . . .” “It will,” I say firmly, believing not just in the quality of my writing but in the story he has to tell. Because I really, truly do. “Sometimes I wonder. After all these years, if I’m clinging to relevance just like everyone else. I’m just doing it a slightly different way.” Now he’s sinking back into the pillow, no longer able to hold his head up. “Is anyone even gonna care about that nonprofit? Because . . . I’m kind of a nobody.” “That’s just patently untrue. We spent three hours watching nobody defend Oakhurst University. Which has a shockingly high number of student deaths for such a small school.” My attempt at levity earns me a small quirk of his mouth. “Look, I’ve already learned more about OCD than I ever thought I would. You have something important to say, and for a lot of people, this is going to be the first time they read about it. For others, maybe it’ll be the first time someone’s given words to something they’re going through. And maybe that’ll be the push they need to get help—the knowledge that they’re not alone.” He nods slowly, taking all of this in. “Thank you. For all of this,” he says, reaching to give my arm a haphazard pat, not quite making it. “I mean it. I’d probably be a husk of a human being by now if it weren’t for you.” The way he says it makes me wonder whether anyone else has taken care of him like this before. Whether he’s let them. “Of course,” I say, my throat suddenly dry. His head lolls to one side of the pillow, and it’s clear those meds are stronger than either of us thought. “Chandler, Chandler, Chandler. I must be hell to work with. I can hardly believe you’re putting up with me.” “It’s the paycheck, mostly.” His eyes open wider and he looks at me hard, the weight of his gaze pinning me in place. “I reeeeeally shouldn’t tell you this, but . . . I know someone who has a crush on you.”