the lips of a toddler too weak to lift his head. She helps me measure ingredients and sometimes stirs the pot as herbs are brewed. Not surprisingly, given that she’s a Thin Horse, she has knowledge I haven’t been exposed to, which gives her insights into our situation. “How can we as women not blame this scourge on men?” she asks with a hint of bitterness one night as we sip tea next to our sleeping children. “When men travel, they stay in crowded inns. They eat food and drink tea prepared by strangers. They converse with other sojourners. They’re exposed to typhoid and cholera…” She takes a breath before rattling off the rest of her list. “Diphtheria, typhus, and smallpox. When they come home, they bring these malignant elements to those of us—wives, children, servants, and concubines like me—who reside in the inner chambers. Tell me. Are men not the cause of every woe the world must endure?” I glance around at the sick on their mats. “I blame mothers.” “Mothers?” I can’t disguise the disdain in my voice when I say, “Any mother who has the opportunity to hire a smallpox-planting master and does not do it has failed in her duty not only to her children but to the future generations of her husband’s family.” A long silence follows this. Miss Chen sets down her cup and rests her fingers against her son’s forehead. I sense her trying to suck his fever into her body. Manzi seems to be rallying. His cheeks are filling out again, although they’ll never reach the roundness that Master Yang and my husband were born with, but his sister is deteriorating, having reached the stage when all she does is sleep. I’ve given her doses of ginseng, burnt licorice, astragalus root, and cinnamon heart in a final attempt to reverse the course of her fate, but my hopes are ebbing. Still, when I watch Miss Chen’s devotion, I’m reminded how lucky her children are to have a mother who can nurse them at any hour of the day or night when so many others are in here alone. Miss Chen turns and meets my eyes. “I don’t remember my mother, and I don’t remember seeing a smallpox-planting master after the Tooth Lady bought me, but obviously I never received variolation. And now you reproach me for not doing my duty as a mother to my children?” She pauses to let her accusation sink in. “Not everyone is a believer in variolation. How sick will a child get? Will he or she die or be scarred from the process? Things can go wrong—” “I know, but—” “I’ve also had to consider my daughters’ futures. I don’t know what their father has planned or what Lady Kuo might arrange for them. I could not risk that they might end up with even a few scars on their faces caused by variolation. Unlike you,” she adds pointedly, “Fourth Daughter doesn’t have extra attributes—an education or generations of imperial scholars in her lineage—that would guarantee a bright future