go and see if she’s back yet, but could I just use your bathroom, and of course I could. So I get into the private space and look around. Detective Nat Felton—Liz calls him Nathaniel every single time—likes a wet shave, a spearmint toothpaste and dark-coloured towels, and when I get out of the bathroom and I’m thinking I might just have a quick look along the hall, his wife is holding a gun on me, dead steady and not amused at all. “Don’t feel bad,” she says, “you did it really well.” She waggles the gun and I sit back down at the dining table. “What gave me away?” “Nothing. I’m a cop’s wife. I smelled you.” “Cal Sounder.” She acts like she doesn’t know the name. Maybe she doesn’t. She doesn’t talk to me and she also doesn’t sit, or stop looking at me, for an hour. She just holds the gun level at my face until Felton gets home and calls me a fucking asshole. “What the fuck are you doing in my house?” “I guess I nearly trust you.” “You nearly trust me so you sneak into my house and go through my shave bag?” “Yeah.” “Well that is a messed-up way of being in the world you have there, Sounder, so why don’t you fuck off? And actually when you get there you can just keep on fucking. How would that be?” “I’m sorry, man.” “The fuck is wrong with you?” “A guy with a scratch on his left boot drove a car over my witness and put a bullet in me.” Felton’s all kinds of pissed off but it doesn’t take him even a heartbeat to work that one out. “What kind of scratch?” I can tell he really wants me to say it looked like a picture of Marilyn Monroe. “Like a little moon.” Felton huffs a big breath and all the asshole goes out of him on it. He bows his head and says: “Shit.” Then he looks at me and he thinks about it, and I know what he’s thinking. He’s thinking what he would do if that would happen to him and he’s counting the people he really trusts and coming up with a short list, and he’s realising that in a very real way he was on my short list and that is a thing between us now. He waves at Liz and she puts the gun down but not away, super-proficient. Figure the other thing she teaches is pistol. “You just got to the part where you trust me sorta kinda but you’d turn over my place real quick just in case.” “Gratton told me not to go home, so I came here and it turns out I’m not quite a good enough person that I just took it on faith, which you know about because neither are you and nor is your lady wife which is why she has a pistol in a cereal box.” Felton looks like he wants to argue but I’m right. He says “shit” again.