his scarf. I’m certain he’s going to kiss me, but instead he says, “I read your books.” I back up, this revelation a shock to my system. “I wanted to tell you earlier,” he continues, “but I thought it might be too nerve-racking if you knew I was reading them on the flight.” “You mean, you read Maddy and Amber’s books.” “Sure,” he says. “Their names are on the covers, I guess. Maybe it’s because I was looking for you, but I could hear you, even in their voices.” I open my mouth to argue, but nothing comes out. The fact that I was that visible in those books, enough for this person who’s known me for only seven weeks to see me there . . . “Then I screwed up,” I say simply. He inches closer, not seeming to care that his sneakers are wet. “I don’t see it that way at all. Maybe you were trying to hide yourself in their stories, but you were still there. That’s how talented you are. That’s how vibrant your writing is—you can’t remove yourself from it completely, even if you try.” I swallow hard, unsure how to process all of this. “I know it would be a risk, and I know it wouldn’t be easy. But you could write for yourself if you wanted to. What you said that night I barely survived a debilitating illness”—this earns him a jab in the ribs—“about not being able to enjoy writing for a while . . . it just made me so sad. Because even in those books you were just doing for a paycheck, I could feel how much you loved it.” “You remember that?” I ask, wondering just how much he remembers. Just the heart-to-heart about my writing, or the crush confession, too. When he blushes, it ignites something deep inside me that I’ve spent ages trying to ignore. “All of it.” Everything he’s saying, the compliments and the subtext, it’s too overwhelming. My coat is too tight and the wind is too brutal and my socks are drenched. This whole moment is a symphony of Too Much. If I allow myself to think that I could make it as a writer, by myself, then that means opening myself up to the possibility of failure. It means leaving behind the security blanket of names that mean far more than my own. So I bend down, scoop up some snow, and hit him with a snowball, because that’s easier than thinking. He holds a hand to where his chest is flecked with white. “Oh, you’re in trouble now,” he says, scrambling to make one of his own while I race off into the snowy woods. * * * Eventually, when we can’t feel our fingers or toes, we shiver our way back to the inn. Our clothes are soaked from the snowball fight, so we peel them off and lay them to dry by the fireplace while we drag pillows and blankets onto the floor next to the flames. “Any more Cameos to shoot?”