care these days, I don’t see her much. “Glad I got you before church,” Shu says. “I’m about to view another place.” “Oh, yeah.” I use a finger to block my other ear as I walk down Tottenham Court Road. “How’s the flat hunt going?” Shu moved out of her parents’ place as soon as she turned eighteen, literally. Shu was born at 3:57 P.M. and at that exact time on July twenty-fifth, she stood up in her room, grabbed her bags, said, “Fuck this place” and walked out. Shu can be a little dramatic, but she left for good reason. When she came out to her parents, they said they loved and accepted her, but things weren’t the same between them again. That’s as much as Shu would tell me. Now her tenancy’s coming up at her flat in Hornsey and she doesn’t want to renew. She can afford a place on her own but she’d rather save for a mortgage deposit and last I checked, Lydia wasn’t ready to take the co-resident plunge. “I’ve got two more tonight.” “What about the Camden flat you liked?” I ask. “I had to turn it down. The girl I’d be sharing with was too pretty.” A man with a worryingly lifelike parrot on his shoulder edges past me, but it’s central London on the weekend, so I don’t bat an eyelid. “You’ll have to walk me through that reasoning, Shu.” “She won’t admit it, but Lydia’s got a … what’s the British way to say it? My gran would say ‘sticky eye.’” “Wandering eye?” “Yeah, maybe. Anyway, I don’t want to feel insecure in my own home when my girlfriend’s round,” she says. “If only you were ready to move out, then we could find a nice two-bed place and have a good time from the start. You know to take your shoes off when you come in and I already know why your hair’s a hundred times shorter after you wash it.” I stop in the street. “Are you saying I’m not threateningly pretty?” “When you make an effort, yeah, but I got nothing to worry about ’cos you’re so innocent. When Lyd was looking at your chest, you told her where you got your jumper from.” “I thought she liked the button design.” “She did not.” “Maybe she did.” Shu sighs, which means she’s rolling her eyes. “Are you ready to move out or what?” I pause outside the church building. A warm, jealous pang hits my chest as I briefly think about what it would be like being responsible for only myself, for spending my time however I want. I immediately feel guilty and shake my head; it’s not Dad’s fault he needs me. “I like being at home. I don’t think that’ll change any time soon,” I say. Shu knows Dad has Parkinson’s, but she’s unaware of how serious it is. She regularly asks how Dad is and I always respond “Fine” and she hears the silent “… you know, considering,” but she doesn’t ask for specifics. Not because