I see him before this scourge is over, then I’ll probably lose him forever. Fetal poison is still fresh in him, making him too young to survive should the malevolent miasma of the disease reach him. Lady Kuo carefully takes Lian from my arms. Here at last is the grandson she’s been waiting for. She puts a hand on my sleeve and says, “Manzi is in the garden. Please save him.” I understand she loves Manzi as her second son. She’s doted on him his entire life and has without doubt spent more time with him these past fourteen years than with her own birth son, my husband. Her affection for the boy has been reflected in the bride-price gifts that have been sent to the salt merchant’s family for their daughter and in the plans that are already under way for a marriage celebration two years from now that will rival my own. “I’ll do all I can,” I promise her. Could there be anything harder in the cosmos than turning my back on my mother-in-law, son, and servant? My heart pounds in my chest and my breasts ache, but I retrace my steps, pick up the satchels, and go to the entrance to the Garden of Fragrant Delights. The two guards let me pass, and in moments I’m surrounded by the beauty and tranquility of plants and rockeries. I make my way along the pebble paths to the Hermitage, where I see bundles on the terrace. Only as I cross the zigzag bridge do I realize these lumps are people, which means that the interior of the Hermitage must already be full. Stepping onto the terrace, I get my first glimpse of the scourge. In my mind I thought it might look like any other rash—in patches, red, maybe flaking or oozing—but I was wrong. We call smallpox tian hua—heavenly flowers—but it’s also considered a dou—bean—rash, because the eruptions look and feel like hard beans under the surface of the skin. Very hard beans. I must find my daughter. As I walk past each person, I let my eyes travel over exposed skin. Some of the ill have only a few beans, but others have beans on beans, covering every inch of flesh. I cross the threshold into the Hermitage. My hand covers my mouth and nose. The stench is dreadful. Like anything in nature, the bean must grow, sprout, and open, only instead of blossoming into a flower or producing ripe fruit, this bean ultimately bursts to release the poison inside. Those before me have entered this stage of the disease. Now they will either die like my brothers did or survive as I did. If they survive, some will be scarred beyond recognition. They might have marriage contracts canceled. If they are servants, they might be dismissed. The lucky will end up like me, with only a few pockmarks to show the world of their inner fortitude. “Mama.” I spin in a circle, looking for the source of the voice. In a corner, two women sit with their