blend in with a crowd. We check the Roxy Theater, ask the ticket agent (today in a porkpie hat) whether he’s seen her, and when he refuses to answer with anything other than a shrug, we each buy a ticket and split up inside to check both theaters. Not there either. We check Murder, She Read; the wharf; and the Lobster Hut, as well as the Lobster Hut’s heavily graffitied bathrooms. We even check the tattoo shop on the very off chance that she’s enacting some small rebellion and getting her own wicked pissah tattoo. She’s nowhere to be found, and our next call goes straight to voicemail. “She must’ve let her phone die,” Cleo says. “That’s not like her,” I say. “You think she was lying about hotels being booked up?” Cleo says. “Could she have checked in somewhere?” I pull up a search for available rooms in the area. Nary a hotel, motel, bed- and-breakfast, or hostel available in sight. The group text chimes with a text, and we both jump. It’s only Wyn, whose number I’d unblocked again. Any luck? he writes. None. You? I ask. Parth’s really worried, Wyn replies. He’s going to call hospitals. Just to be sure. My stomach flips. Keep us posted. You too, he says. Cleo’s nose wrinkles as she scans our list. “That’s all the usual spots. She wouldn’t . . . be reckless enough to sail off by herself, would she?” The blood rushes out of my stomach. “She’s a pretty confident sailor,” I say. “And I think sailing is sort of her happy place. It makes her think of her mom and when . . .” “Harry?” Cleo says. “What is it?” “Her mom,” I say. “What about her?” Cleo asks. “It might be nothing,” I say. “But I’ve got one more place for us to check.” • • • “STOP THE CAR!” I shriek, with such conviction that Cleo instantly obeys, right in the middle of the road. Although road is a fairly aspirational title for the wooded lane the GPS has directed us onto. One has to assume that there’s a parking lot somewhere ahead, but parking no longer matters because (1) the little open-air chapel is visible through the trees on our right, and (2) a cherry-red Jaguar sits parked on the dirt shoulder. Cleo hits the gas again and pulls over. We check the car first—empty— then scramble over the short stone retaining wall to hike up the hillside toward the chapel. The damp green woods give way to a manicured garden. In its center, a pavilion of gray stone stands, ivy crawling up its left side. Butterflies move in dizzy spirals through the flowering bushes hugging the steps, the distant crash of waves the only sound. No wonder Sabrina’s parents’ wedding made such an impression on her. This place is beautiful. It feels like nothing could go wrong here, nothing bad could happen. When I start forward, Cleo hangs back. Her mouth opens and closes a couple of times. “What if she wants to be alone?”