ordered at seven fifty, but Roddy Tebbit never took it inside. Receipt printout is eight fifteen. When you stand in the hallway and smell the cold food, you realise you’ve been breathing death in the apartment. It’s not a stink of blood or bowel, but any dying leaves a trace in the air. I feel it as a kind of thinness, like the flavour of a bone broth taken off the cooker before it’s time, or the empty pages of a new colouring book. Apartment 363 where Roddy Tebbit lived is the corner, with big picture windows. 362 is a mid-floor and 364 is pretty much the whole of the other side of the hall, although the building on that side is stepped like a pyramid, so in terms of your square meters it isn’t any bigger than the other two, but it probably has a hell of a terrace. I go along to 362. There’s a bucket outside. I knock. When no one answers, I ring the bell, and then knock again. Finally the door opens and a guy in a janitor coat looks out. He has greasy hair and muttonchop sideburns and no beard, and he wears a badge which says his name is Rufus. I say hi to Rufus. “Hi,” Rufus says. “You part of—” He waves at the cops. “External contractor.” Meaning I don’t care about whatever his hustle is. You got to know a guy like Rufus has a hustle. “These nice people?” Gesturing to the apartment behind him. He shrugs. “Moved out last week. Going to the west coast.” “I hear it’s cold as hell.” “Well, they sure didn’t leave anything behind.” He sighs. Figure some people leave stuff he can sell on. “You ever see the nerd next door?” “The doctor guy?” He raises his hand up way over his head. Not everyone that big is a Titan. In fact right around one in every one million people is naturally over seven feet tall, for a global total of maybe eight thousand; the number of Titans in the world is a quarter of that, even if a lot of them are here, in Chersenesos. But it’s not really about the numbers: Titans are red carpet, VIP lounge and champagne. They wear perfect clothes and shoes without orthotics. They’re hard money walking. So, sure, maybe Roddy Tebbit was not “that Titan guy” to Rufus. He was tall, and he was a doctor. “Yeah,” I say. Rufus shrugs. “Sure. You can’t miss him.” To be honest I have been wondering if anyone will. “He okay?” I ask. “Decent fella?” Rufus nods. “Sure. Just some guy. Shy maybe.” “He date?” Rufus shrugs. “There was a girl sometimes. A lady, I guess.” “He social with anyone?” “No.” His eyes flick across and down at the floor, but his body twitches a little towards 364. “I mean just neighbourly. Maybe chips and dips. He’s a quiet guy.” “Any visitors? Loud music? Like that?” Rufus laughs. “I think one time some of his students came round and they played him something