“I should probably stay behind.” Finn just looked at me in this way I couldn’t interpret. “I want you there.” Then he straightened his spine, collected himself. “If you want to be there, that is.” After dodging some paparazzi hoping to catch a glimpse of post-con celebrities, we settle into a booth with Hallie, Ethan Underwood, Bree Espinoza, Juliana Guo, and Cooper Jones. I’m a little starstruck after watching The Nocturnals in most of my spare time over the past couple months. Finn introduces me as someone on his team, and no one asks any other questions about it. “It’s been ages since we did something like this,” Cooper says, reaching for a slice of bread. At forty, he’s the oldest of the group, mostly retired from acting to focus on the farm he runs with his wife in Northern California. A much quieter life. “Because Ethan’s usually too busy jumping out of an airplane just so he can say he does his own stunts.” Juliana gives him a tight smile that makes me think pretending she was in love with him for four seasons required some top-notch acting. She’s a little sharp-tongued, not unlike Alice, and dressed in corduroy overalls and a floral sweatshirt. Overalls have never looked cooler. “Where were you last month? I can’t keep track.” “Fiji,” Ethan says. “But that was just for vacation. I start shooting the Indiana Jones reboot in Majorca after the reunion.” “Rough life,” Finn says. Ethan raises his glass of bourbon, flashes his glimmering white teeth. “That’s why they shell out the big bucks.” I have to fight rolling my eyes. Next to me, Finn is inspecting his water glass, and when the server swings by with another tray of appetizers, he quietly, politely asks for a new one. And I don’t miss the way Ethan watches the whole interaction. “What do you hate more?” Bree’s asking. “ ‘This is more of a comment than a question,’ or ‘I have a two-part question’?” Cooper runs a hand across his salt-and-pepper beard. “I don’t think I do enough of these to get too bothered by any of it.” “More of a comment, definitely.” Juliana takes a sip of wine and blots her red lipstick with a napkin. “That one, they always want to bring up some super specific detail, just to make it seem like they know the show better than anyone else.” Ethan shakes his head. “No, no, no. The two-parters are the worst.” “I don’t mind them,” Finn puts in. “Well of course you don’t,” Ethan says. “You practically live at these things. When was the last time you were on a channel that isn’t exclusively watched by grandparents?” With the exception of Hallie, the rest of them laugh, and even in the dim light, I watch Finn’s cheeks turn pink. The conversation moves on to everyone’s current projects. “I’m working on an indie film right now,” Hallie says from across the table. “I’ve been dying to do something with A24, and it’s been an absolute dream.” “What’s it about?” I ask.