Mr. Nugent? You look a little irregular.” Zoegar is actually on his feet before Doublewide waves a hand, like a giant puppeteer. Zoegar shoots me a look: just wait till I get you home. “An idiosyncratic reaction, I’m told, Mr. Sounder. Nothing to do with poor product. And, no, in fact. I acquired my T7 from a legitimate source, though I will confess there was an element of deception involved.” The hand pressed to the vast expanse of chest in deprecation. “A sad mistake.” “It’s not fixable?” “I am alive. Magnificent! Different, yes, but not less simply because I do not look like an oversized matinee idol. I see nothing that needs fixing, Mr. Sounder. I do have an inconsequential request of you, however.” “Well, let’s see if I can accommodate you. You’ll appreciate that my time is my main professional resource.” “Oh, straight to the nub, very good, very good. I admire that in you, sir. In my observation of your career, it is laudably unblemished by inappropriate sentiment in the commercial setting. Though I must say, I believe your resources are not so limited. You have a keen mind and considerable nerve. So, indeed: I wish to commission you.” “To do what?” “Nothing of great significance. Roddy Tebbit’s liver and other organs are now the legal property of the Travis clinic, as I think you know.” “Yes.” “I would like them to get there, without mishap.” “And you think you need me for that.” “Stefan Tonfamecasca will not want it to. I’m concerned that he might…exercise his gravity, even just send someone to take them. One of Mr. Zoegar’s many counterparts in his organisation. He might even go to court. But if, say, a man who functions as a damper on all things Titanic were to vouch for their destruction to Stefan while nonetheless delivering them to me…that would be an optimal outcome.” “That’s not the same thing. You said the Travis. Stealing’s another matter.” “It is the same thing, sir. The Travis and I…we are one, financially speaking. When all the shells are plucked away and the cockle is winkled from the rock. I can even prove it to you, though with that level of knowledge of my affairs would come certain constraints upon you. No, there’s no need for that, Mr. Sounder. You can just drop them discreetly at the front desk. The staff will accommodate you as to timing and matters of…tradecraft.” “You want me to lie to Stefan.” “I offer you the opportunity to defeat him, in this one, small way.” “Why would I want to do that?” “Oh, come now. Everyone who meets him longs to beat him in one way or another. Otherwise we must acknowledge we are outmatched, made secondary in our own world. If we do not defeat the Titan king, what is left to us but obsolescence?” “You think that’s going to persuade me?” “I’m interested to find out. Who are you, Cal Sounder? I told you one story, will you not tell me another? Who are you?” “I’m sure you