The figure is hunched over, staggering their steps, pulling something along the ground. “Bezi,” I whisper. “Paige. Get up.” Paige grumbles something to herself as Bezi sits up and readjusts her bonnet. “What is it?” she asks. “What’s wrong?” “There’s somebody out there,” I say. There’s another loud splash, and I whip my head around, straining to see in the dark. Bezi stumbles out of bed and joins me at the window. We press our faces close to the glass, fogging it with our breath. “Where?” Bezi asks. “Across the lake. Right there.” I scan the shoreline until I spot the figure again. This time they’re closer to the camp side of the lake, and whatever they were dragging is now gone. Bezi sighs. “I still don’t—” A hand clamps down on my shoulder, and my heart leaps into my throat as I spin around to find Paige standing directly behind me. A strangled yelp escapes me. “You almost gave me a heart attack!” Bezi leans forward and puts her hands on her knees. “Damn, Paige! You just glided over here! No noise or nothing!” Paige furrows her brow and pulls her bottom lip between her teeth. “You didn’t hear me get up?” “No!” I say. “Sorry,” Paige says. “What’s going on?” I press my hand against my chest like my heart might jump out if I don’t. “Look.” I pull her toward the window and point to the last place I saw the shadowy figure, only to find nothing but the dark. “Am I missing something?” Paige asks. “There was somebody out there,” I say. “We saw them.” “Maybe it was Tasha or Porter or somebody else?” Bezi offers. “Should we go check on everybody?” She reaches for the door. Paige steps in front of her. “Um, no. Text them. We’re not going outside at three in the morning because y’all saw some stranger by the lake. Do you know how dumb that sounds?” She shakes her head like she’s disappointed in us. I text Tasha, asking if she’s okay. I have to hold my phone over my head to get one funky-ass bar. She responds a few moments later. TASHA: I’m sleep. So is Javier. Lights are on in P&K’s cabin. I breathe a little easier knowing everyone seems to be all right. “See?” Paige asks. “Everybody’s good, and we didn’t even have to go out in the dark and be the first group of people to get horribly murdered.” Bezi waves her off. I nod. She’s being overdramatic but I’m glad we didn’t go. I can’t stop thinking about the stooped figure by the lake. We climb back into bed, and while Bezi and Paige eventually fall asleep, I lie awake listening for the sound of footsteps. CHAPTER 6 The next morning, I hit the shower, rinsing off the fake blood that has dried in my hair and under my fingernails. I wash my hair, deep condition, then detangle it. I’m sans hair dryer in the summer months, so I pack on a bunch of leave-in and let it