it was only when Aiden took out his wallet to pay and I saw a condom in one of the slots did I remember that couples have sex. When I don’t answer, Sam turns around and says, “That means no.” “We’ve been dating for three weeks,” I say. “We’ve been on ten official dates and you pay for most of them.” He frowns. “And sex is my reward?” “No, of course not. I don’t know why I said that.” “Okay.” “I do want to have sex with you,” I say. “I just don’t want to have sex.” Sam dries his hands on a tea towel. “Why is that?” My instinct is to lie. The day I told Alex the truth was the last day I ever saw him. I want to keep seeing Sam and— “Maddie, stop having conversations with yourself in your head and tell me the truth.” Well, damn. “Sex is painful,” I answer. “For me. Painful and … distant, maybe. I just want to have the sex I’ve heard about, but I don’t know how.” He considers me. “Have you tried doing it alone?” I look away. “Maddie?” “It’s … it’s not really my thing.” “That’s fine. Are you always wet?” I chew my lip and try to think. “Maybe?” “Have you ever been on top?” he asks. “During sex? No, I tend to just lie there.” He steps forward and holds out his hand. “Would you like to try that?” I take his hand and slot my fingers through his. “Yes, I would.” * * * In Sam’s bedroom, my heart thumps in my ears when he closes the door. It’s a large room with the bed’s headboard under an alcove and a desk, covered in his artwork, situated in front of the window. I wipe my forehead when his back is turned. We undress and he’s very slow with me. He brushes his fingers against my skin and I shiver. He puts a condom on and there’s no shuffle under the duvet or asking if I’m on the pill. Sam starts to kiss me and, naturally, I relax because we kiss all the time, until he’s sat on his bed and gently pulls me in. I trip over my feet and fall onto him, my elbow hitting him in the cheek. “Sam, I’m so sorry.” “It’s okay.” He smiles, amused. “Maddie, it’s okay. Let’s try something else.” Sam lays me on my back and climbs off to push a pillow under my waist. He presses a palm to each of my thighs to pull them apart; I resist at first, like an elastic band that won’t pull any farther. “Is everything all right?” I lift my head. “Yes. Sorry.” “That’s okay. We can go slower.” He leans over me, balancing himself on his arms, and slowly kisses my neck. His lips are warm and his kisses bury deep into my throat when he uses his tongue, bites and pulls away. He does this along my chest and my nails dig into his arms when he sucks on