through the field, Roman following close behind her. Attie was pacing the kitchen, a furious expression on her face when Iris opened the back doors. “Don’t you ever do that to me again, Iris Winnow!” she cried. “Or else I’ll kill you myself, do you hear me?” “Attie,” Iris said calmly, stepping over the threshold. “I need to introduce you to someone.” She moved aside so Attie could get a clear view of Roman, entering the B and B for the first time. Attie’s jaw dropped. But she quickly recovered from her surprise, her eyes narrowing with slight suspicion. “Did the eithrals drop a boy from the sky, then?” “Another correspondent,” Iris said, at which Roman glanced at her. “This is Roman Kitt. Kitt, this is my friend and fellow writer, Att—” “Thea Attwood,” he finished, and he set down his typewriter case to extend his hand to Attie, reveling in her renewed shock. “It’s an honor to finally meet you.” Iris was confused, glancing between the two of them. But Attie’s own surprise melted and suddenly she was grinning. She shook Roman’s hand and asked, “Do you have a copy with you?” Roman slid the leather bag from his shoulder. He untethered it and procured a newspaper, wound tight to ward off wrinkles. He gave it to Attie, and she viciously unfurled it, her eyes racing across the headlines. “Gods below,” she murmured, breathless. “Look at this, Iris!” Iris moved to stand at Attie’s side, only to stifle her own gasp. Attie’s war article was on the front page of the Inkridden Tribune. A major headline. THE PATH OF DACRE’S DESTRUCTION by THEA ATTWOOD Iris read the first few lines over Attie’s shoulder, awe and excitement coursing through her. “If you’ll both excuse me, there’s a letter I need to write,” Attie said abruptly. Iris watched her bolt down the hallway, knowing she was probably going to wax vengefully poetic to the professor who had once dismissed her writing. Iris’s smile lingered, thinking about Attie’s words on the front page and how many people in Oath had most likely read them. From the corner of her eye, she saw Roman reaching into his bag again. There was another crinkle of paper, and she resisted looking at him until he spoke. “Did you think I wouldn’t bring one for you, Winnow?” “What do you mean?” she asked, a touch defensively. She finally glanced at him to see he was extending another rolled newspaper to her. “Read it for yourself,” he said. She accepted the paper, slowly unrolling it. Another edition of the Inkridden Tribune, from a different day. But this time, it was Iris’s article on the front page. THE UNEXPECTED FACE OF WAR by INKRIDDEN IRIS Her eyes passed over the familiar words—A war with the gods is not what you expect it to be—and her vision blurred for a moment as she gathered her composure. She swallowed and rolled the paper back up, extending it to Roman, who was watching her with an arched brow. “Inkridden Iris,” he said, his