caught before he kills someone else.” The sound of the policemen returning drove Marion back to her appointed spot. At ten o’clock exactly, Ogden gestured for them to follow him back to Somers’s office. Peter closed his notepad and pushed back his chair. “I’m ready.” They knocked on Somers’s door and entered, Ogden trailing close behind. This time Peter stood at the window while she and Ogden took the seats. Somers sat back in his chair, arms crossed. “So. What did you discover, Dr. Griggs?” “As I mentioned before, usually a psychiatrist studies the patient and then predicts the behavior. In this case, I’m working backward, examining the behavior and then trying to figure out what type of person would act this way, looking at all the factors that come into play with this kind of unstable conduct. I tried to use that to determine his identity. Reverse psychology, if you will.” So far, so good. Both policemen were listening closely, and even the sarcastic look on Ogden’s face was smoothed over, replaced with interest. “Determine his identity?” asked Somers. “Not anything as specific as his name, but other factors that aren’t insignificant, like his race, what kind of work he might do. Keep in mind, to this guy, his behavior makes perfect sense. He sees the world with a warped point of view, and if I can get into his head, I can figure out what sort of man might see the world that way. The letters are very helpful, in that regard. The early ones are typed, the later ones handwritten. That handwriting will help identify him, eventually. He’s becoming bolder, but also possibly more likely to make a mistake.” “That’s pretty obvious, even to us, Dr. Griggs,” said Ogden. “That’s the best you can do?” “My diagnosis is your bomber is a paranoid schizophrenic. He might hear voices that aren’t real, and he can hold a grudge for years, if necessary.” “So we’re looking for someone who talks to himself?” Ogden said. “Again, that’s half the city, right, Captain?” “Let him finish,” said Somers. Peter took a deep breath. “Most paranoid schizophrenics don’t develop their illness until after age thirty, so your guy, if he’s been at this for sixteen years, is probably in his mid-forties or early fifties. They also tend to be neither fat nor skinny, in my experience, so he’s of medium build. The phrases he uses in his letters are not quite American. Dastardly deeds, for example, or writing The Metropolitan Power Company when anyone in New York would refer to the company as Met Power. He’s been mailing the letters from multiple locations in Westchester, which leads me to believe he lives just beyond that county, in southwest Connecticut, say, and mails them on his way into the city. That area has a lot of industrial towns where Slav immigrants settled, which indicates he’s a Slav, and probably Roman Catholic.” “A Slav?” said Somers. “That’s a pretty big leap.” “He used a knife to insert the bomb into the seat when he could have