breath away. The light was too bright, the white marble too brilliant. The height of the hall seemed almost obscene, cathedral like, glistening. Ropes hanging from the roof. Sweat on the air. She understood. Everything had been stolen from her. It is extraordinary what the human brain can comprehend, what new realities it can absorb. It had always been unlikely, she thought, that she would be allowed to control this place, whether she loved it or not. This life had been fleeting, transitory. Only half-real, all along. She remembered how angry she had been, a few hours earlier, when that awful woman stole Papa’s old watch. A watch: a tiny thing. Nothing. She felt the urge to laugh: a hollow, dreadful sensation. Then it burned away. She went all the way down the stairs, slowly. Footsteps. A figure among many more, winking and glinting, beneath her. Isis, painted, sequined, clambering on top of a box. A huge crate, at the foot of the grand escalier. “I told you,” the figure said to Miss de Vries, “that I would deliver you to your death.” Miss de Vries had rung the bell when she’d awoken. Not the usual bell, the one that sounded in the servants’ hall. The emergency bell, the brass button in her father’s bedroom, the one that rang in Mr. Shepherd’s room. But nobody had come. The house was empty. “I will call for the constable,” she said, because she had to say something; she had to test her voice. It had risen; it very nearly wavered. “I will call for him at once!” * * * But Mrs. Bone had the constable. Three of her biggest men had him pinned to the ground, ignoring his grunts and moans. She stroked his hair, whispering, “And one silver muffineer, all noted, all recorded. So if you must run and get help, you’ll run awfully slowly, won’t you?” * * * Winnie watched Miss de Vries treading toward her, slow as a lioness, tongue running over her teeth. Delay her, thought Winnie. Before she kills me. “We would like to propose an arrangement,” Winnie said. Silence. Then, that voice. Low, careful. “‘We’?” Winnie said nothing more. Miss de Vries said, heavier, “What arrangement?” Winnie stood up straight. “The property in this house has disappeared. It’s done and cannot be undone. It can never be recovered, at least not by you.” Miss de Vries stared up at her, face masklike. Her eyes were like a cat’s, opaque and glassy. “We have not touched your room. Although we have monitored most carefully what is contained within it. If you comply with our wishes, we will permit you to keep the contents of your trousseau, and we will preserve confidentiality over the circumstances of your—defenestration.” “What are your wishes?” Winnie shifted. She had expected more resistance from Miss de Vries. “First: demolish this house.” Silence. Then: “Why?” “It causes pain. It is a blight on you. It has harmed many others. I think you sense this.” Winnie paused. Then said, making her voice stronger: “Take it