and the possibility of not being here for my own kids. I imagine one of them in the hospital, struggling to breathe, confused, terrified, alone. And that is always where my mind spins to a stop. As the days go by and virtual work and learning continue, our children’s discontent hardens into bored resignation. I start polling others about what I should do, partly because it is so hard to trust my own sanity and judgment. My questions are always the same, but a few patient friends pick up every single time to listen to me run through the terrible choices. Everyone is quick to say that they wouldn’t blame me for going. But they also don’t think I should travel across the country, not right now. “If it were only you, and you didn’t have kids, and you were close enough to get there on a short, direct flight, I’d say go,” my friend Nicole tells me one day. “But you do have kids. A whole day of travel? All those cars and planes, all the people who aren’t wearing masks? We don’t know enough about how this thing spreads, we don’t have any good treatments that can knock it back, and now there’s this multisystem inflammatory syndrome some kids are getting.” I’m standing under the dogwood tree in my backyard, where I often take phone calls now—outside, so my kids won’t hear me cry. Every tree and plant in sight is blooming, bursting with new life, and it feels like a mockery. It’s raining, a light spring drizzle. I estimate that I have about three more minutes to talk on the phone here before I’ll need to make a run for it. “I can’t bear this,” I say. “Of course you can’t,” she says. “It’s unbearable. You know that episode of Star Trek where Counselor Troi is trying to become a commander?” Saturday-night Star Trek was appointment television for me and my dad, so I know very well that the Troi commander storyline is the B plot in the seventh-season Star Trek: The Next Generation episode “Thine Own Self.” In it, Troi keeps trying and failing to pass a particular bridge officer’s test, which happens to be a test not of technical skill or problem-solving ability but of duty and grit. When she fails, as she does multiple times, it’s because she will not accept that which feels impossible to accept. She finally realizes that while she has been trying to save the ship without losing anyone—without sending a friend, a person she serves with and cares for, to die—giving that order is the only way to pass the test. As soon as she tells a holographic crewmate to sacrifice himself for the good of the ship, the simulated disaster ends and she is promoted. “Your kids, your husband, they are your ship now,” Nicole says. “They’re your priority. Even though it’s the hardest thing, and it’s so unfair, because your mother is dying and there’s a fucking pandemic and none of this should be happening. You do what you