he wake? When should she return to him? “Iris?” Marisol called. “Breakfast!” Breakfast, in the middle of the night. Iris set her comb aside and carried her candle down the stairs, into the kitchen. At the smell of the food, her stomach clenched. She was so hungry, but she wasn’t sure if she would be able to eat. “Here, start with the cocoa,” Attie said, offering a steaming cup to Iris. Iris took it gratefully, sinking into her usual chair. Marisol continued to set down plates on the table. She had made some sort of cheesy hash, full of comforting ingredients, and gradually, Iris was able to begin taking a few bites. The warmth trickled through her; she sighed and felt herself slowly returning to her body. Attie and Marisol sat and ate with her, but they were quiet. And Iris was thankful. She didn’t think she could speak of it yet. Just having them close beside her was all she needed. “Can I help you clean, Marisol?” Attie asked, rising to gather the dishes when they were done. “No, I’ve got this. Why don’t you help Iris to her room?” Marisol said. Iris’s eyes were heavy. Her feet felt like iron as she rose, and Attie took hold of her arm. She hardly remembered ascending the stairs, or Attie opening her door and guiding her inside. “Do you want me to stay with you tonight, Iris?” Iris sank to her pallet on the floor. The blankets were cold. “No, I’m so tired I don’t think sleeping will be an issue. But wake me if a siren sounds.” She hardly remembered falling asleep. Iris woke with a start. She didn’t know where she was at first. Sunlight was streaming in through the window, and the house was silent. She sat forward, her body stiff and sore. The B and B. She was at Marisol’s, and it looked to be late morning. The events of the past few days returned to her in a rush. Roman. She needed to go to the infirmary. She wanted to see him, touch him. Surely he was awake by now. Iris stood with a groan. She had fallen asleep with wet hair, and it was a snarled mess now. She was reaching for her comb when she saw her bag on the floor nearby, Roman’s directly next to it. Both were scuffed and streaked with dirt. And then her gaze roamed to her jumpsuit, discarded by her desk where her typewriter sat, gleaming in the light. Carver. His name whispered through her, and she eagerly glanced at her wardrobe, expecting to find letter after letter on the floor. There was nothing. The floor was bare. He hadn’t written to her at all while she was away, and her heart sank. Iris closed her eyes, her thoughts swimming. She remembered his final letter to her. The one she had shoved in her pocket and tried to read before Roman interrupted her twice. She dove for her jumpsuit, searching the pockets. She half expected the paper to be gone,