guts splashed across these hallowed grounds.” My blood runs cold. Something had been digging at me. I felt it when I pulled that dead owl down from the roof and again when I saw those owl figures carved into the trees. “You haven’t put it together?” the man asks. “How did you come to be at this place, Charity? What was the thing that brought a lonely girl, whose own family couldn’t care less if she lives or dies, here?” I’d gotten this job because Mr. Lamont hired me, but it wasn’t him who tipped me off about the job that first summer. It was someone else. Someone who couldn’t wait to get me out of the house. “Rob.” The man in the mask is smiling. I know it. “Do you know what you can obtain by sacrificing your own family?” the man asks, as if I should have an answer. “It’s a very special sort of thing.” Rob brought me the ad. Rob insisted I follow up on it. It was Rob who acted surprised every time I showed back up at home when the season was over. And it was in Rob’s notebook that I found that sketch of an owl identical to the ones carved into the trees in the forest, and it was his taxidermic birds of prey, his owls, that watched me as I slept. “He wanted me to die out here?” I ask in disbelief. “He—he knew about what you were doing?” The man laughs. “A rumor led him to us. He thought he could curry favor by sending you here to die. Think of it as an act of goodwill, promises of what he was willing to do for us.” A hissing sound erupts from under the mask, like he’s blowing air out from between his teeth in disgust. “Unfortunately for him, he isn’t the type of person I’d ever bring into the fold of our sacred Order.” He laughs again, but it is an arrogant, boastful sort of sound. “We have used this power to chart paths for presidents, dictators, the wealthy, the elite. You have no idea the influence we once held.” He tips his head back and sighs. “Your mother’s pathetic excuse for a boyfriend was not worthy of benefiting from our rituals, Charity.” He levels his head. “But I am.” The man crouches low to the ground, then springs forward and is suddenly standing directly in front of me. He towers over me, and the pale flesh of his chest heaves as a guttural growl erupts from his throat. He reaches for Bezi, and I instinctively grab his arm. He turns his attention to me, and his hand is around my neck before I can move. Bezi’s screams fill my ears as the man lifts me straight off the ground and throws me across the path and into the side of the boathouse. I strike the side of the building with such force that the air is violently expelled from my lungs in one painful exhalation. My vision goes black. I