from the balustrade, which she’d been gripping as if it were an anchor, and moved as silently as possible across the roof deck toward the exit. She moved fast and had almost made it to the exit when she heard a distinct scuffling noise to her right. That was no pigeon. Someone was hiding behind the backboard—she’d been right. If she could make it inside the building and call for help, she might stand a chance. She was just about to grab hold of the doorknob when an arm suddenly wrapped around her neck, yanking her back from the doorway, further onto the rooftop. She clutched at the arm with both hands, trying to free her windpipe and scream, but the more she fought back, the tighter he squeezed. Together they spun around in a grisly pas de deux. Marion was trapped on the roof of Radio City with a madman. CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR When Marion and Judy were in their early teens, their father brought them into the backyard on a warm spring day and insisted they learn how to fight, in case they were ever mugged. Marion rolled her eyes and Judy gave a nervous laugh, but Simon insisted. “Where I grew up, you had to know how to stand up for yourself, not just with words, but with fists, too, if it came to that.” “You’re going to teach us to be street fighters?” asked Marion. “I don’t think there’s much call for that in Bronxville.” “You’re going to be dealing with boys soon.” He looked at Marion, not Judy, as he spoke. “And boys can be stupid. You have to be able to get free if you’re ever attacked. Marion. Turn around.” She did so, and before she knew it her father was behind her, his arms wrapping around her in a bear hug. She squirmed but couldn’t get free, and burst out laughing at the ridiculousness of it. She was supposed to be getting ready for a school mixer that night, not wrestling with her dad. “Stop squirming, that’s lesson number one,” said her father. She couldn’t see his face, but she felt his breath in her hair. “Okay.” She went still. “By not squirming, you’ll catch him by surprise. That’s what he’s going to be expecting. Now, lift your right foot and jam it hard down on mine.” She strained to look back at him. “I’ll break your toe if I do that.” “Trust me, I’ll be fine.” She did as instructed, and her father moved his foot just in time. “Your attacker won’t be expecting that, and it’ll hurt like the dickens. He’ll loosen his grip even more, and the minute you feel that loosening, drop to the ground, like a sack of potatoes.” “Really?” “Yes, really. Like you’re fainting, but straight down.” She paused for a moment, and then let her knees buckle. Before she knew it, she was on the ground. “Roll! Roll away!” her father yelled. She rolled, crossing her arms over her chest. Thank goodness she was wearing her old jeans and