a line of blood-tinged spittle hanging from her bottom lip. Her shoulder is sloped in a way that tells me it’s either broken or dislocated. She struggles to get the gun under her control. We’re out the front door and sprinting down the drive in a blink. Javier stumbles but doesn’t let himself fall as he runs ahead of us. We’re halfway down the drive when a gunshot splits the air like a bolt of lightning. I throw myself face-first into the dirt, and Bezi falls beside me. A sharp pain rockets through my knee as it strikes the ground. Another shot rings out and splinters a tree just off the driveway to our right. “She’s shooting at us!” Javier screams. “Get up! Go!” We scramble to our feet and keep running. I ignore the pain in my knee. I keep moving even though it feels like I’m trudging through quicksand. As we get to the crest in the driveway, I slide to a grinding halt. A tall figure stands at the bottom of the drive near the road. Another gunshot ricochets through the trees. The figure stalks toward us, and I panic. We can’t go back. We can’t go forward. I step toward the trees as Javier lights the figure up with his flashlight and, in a rush of relief, I realize it’s Kyle. “Come on!” he yells. “We gotta get out of here!” I’ve never been much of an athlete. I passed gym with a C-plus, but I run the entire two miles back to the rear entrance of the camp without stopping. I ignore the ache in my calves and the burning in my lungs. Each time Bezi tries to stop to catch her breath, I pull her forward. We don’t have time to be winded or tired. At the rear gate, we squeeze through the opening as quickly as we can. As soon as we’re safely inside the fence, I race toward the office. I want to call the sheriff, but a part of me feels like he won’t even care. Still, I have to get ahold of somebody. Anybody. We need help. “The office!” I say, gasping. “We gotta call—” I’m moving past the Western Lodge when something catches my eye. Some subtle movement I realize is coming from inside the lodge itself. I come to a full stop for the first time since we left Ms. Keane’s property. The lodge doors are sitting wide open. The fluorescent lights in the kitchen are on, and they’re casting a cold glow throughout the main hall. Standing in front of the unlit fireplace is a person. Bezi is panting beside me when Kyle and Javier notice the figure too. I nearly stop breathing as a sudden chill runs up my back and settles in the nape of my neck. I take a step toward the open doors, blinking, unable to fully comprehend what I’m seeing. The stooped figure is standing with their back to me. They are barefoot, shirtless, and they have their arms wrapped around their own waist