Just as I thought. No change.” She rolled the tape away. “Perfect.” Miss de Vries thinned her lips at that. “Very well.” She sighed. “Show me how you’re getting on.” Alice took a breath and fetched the beginnings of the costume. It was littered with pins and pieces of tissue paper, a fragile, half-formed thing. Alice could feel the ridges and sore parts between her fingers where her hands had been pressed to the needle. Miss de Vries smirked at her. “You carry it as if it’s about to disintegrate.” “It’s at a delicate stage, Madam.” “Hmm.” Miss de Vries stepped forward, let a tentative finger touch the black-crusted beading on the bodice, the silk. “Who taught you to sew?” “My father,” Alice said. “He’s a haberdasher.” “Haberdashers can’t make gowns like this.” Alice was pleased, but she tried to hide it with a frown. Pride always came before a fall. “Have I offended you?” said Miss de Vries. “No, Madam.” Alice hesitated, holding a pin in her hand. Miss de Vries looked at it, the glint of metal, the sharp edge. Alice threaded it carefully into her apron. “Are you close to your father?” That was a courteous enough remark. But Miss de Vries had never shown any special interest in Alice’s circumstances before. Alice shook her head, treading carefully. “Not in the least.” She didn’t wish to think about Father, or their grim front parlor, or his prayer books on the mantelpiece. At home the floorboards were coated with cheap red stain and covered with frayed carpets. Up here in Madam’s rooms things were soft and luxurious, downy and pure. They were immeasurably nicer. “How sad.” There: Miss de Vries was looking straight at her. The ironic smile had disappeared. Her gaze was fierce and penetrating, picking Alice right down to the bones. Then she unscrewed the letter tucked into the cuff of her sleeve. “Put everything away. And when you go downstairs, tell Mr. Shepherd to come and see me.” She raised the letter. “I have a visitor coming tomorrow. I need to change the menus.” Alice was relieved. Standing near Miss de Vries was dangerous: she was altogether too observant. “Yes, Madam,” she said, retreating. And then, to be obliging, “Should I tell him who’s expected?” Miss de Vries was scanning the paper, mouth moving silently with the words. She spoke offhandedly, but there was something in the ferocity of that gaze that held Alice’s attention. “Lord Ashley, from Fairhurst. Mr. Lockwood will accompany us.” The names meant nothing to Alice. “Very good, Madam.” She began to carry the fabric away. “Oh, Alice?” Alice turned. Miss de Vries’s eyes were on her again. The light had changed, grown yellowish. It made Madam look softer, gentler. “You’re doing splendidly,” she said. It was so unexpected, so entirely unlike Madam’s usual cool, disinterested tone, that Alice felt wrong-footed. She didn’t think anyone had praised her handiwork before. They paid her wages—that was all. Even Mrs. King never said well done. Alice didn’t mind being buttered up a little. She rather