music!” “Would you s-s-stop?” Hap snapped. “We d-don’t know who they are. You could g-get ow.” “But they can’t be bad guys,” Rambo said. “They’re playing music! No one bad likes music.” “What are you talking about?” Vic asked, his breaths short and quick. “What music? I don’t … hear…” He lost his words when he saw what lay ahead. The road continued on. The pylons—as uniform as they’d been when they first saw them—blinked, the air still filled with the humming current. But there, sitting off the other side of the road, was a house. It was unlike any house Vic had ever seen in Dad’s books. For one, it was floating a few feet above the ground, the air underneath shimmering just like the spaces between the pylons. The house itself was enormous, at least four stories tall, made of wood and brick painted a furious shade of red. White trim surrounded windows—some large and square, others small and circular, like portholes on a ship. Three smokestacks rose off the roof of the house, each belching thick, black clouds, creating a dirty haze against the blue of the sky. The smokestacks were surrounded by four turrets. On top of the turrets were billowing red and white flags, though Vic was too far away to make out the design on them. The house creaked and groaned as it floated, listing slowly from side to side. It took Vic a moment to hear what Rambo had heard above the hum of the road. Music. Music coming from the house. It was loud, brash. It wasn’t like Dad’s records. No sweet horns, no voices singing about love and dancing cheek to cheek. It sounded as if someone was punching the keys of a wheezy organ, the tune as whimsical as a technicolor nightmare. “What is it?” he heard himself ask. “N-nothing g-good,” Hap muttered, still struggling with Rambo. “How gaudy,” Nurse Ratched said as she pulled up beside them. “I like it.” Vic didn’t see anyone moving in or around the house. The symbol on the flags didn’t appear to be the same one he’d seen on the uniforms of those who’d come to the forest in the flying whale. Of course, that meant little. Whoever lived inside the house was a stranger. Vic didn’t trust strangers, not after all he’d seen. Hap seemed to be of the same mind. “We should f-find a w-way around it. Don’t let them know we’re h-here.” “Why?” Rambo demanded. “I want to go inside. I want to see what it looks like!” “Even if the inhabitants eat vacuums?” Nurse Ratched asked. Rambo stopped moving. “But … but I’m a vacuum.” “Exactly,” Nurse Ratched said. “You would be eaten. We should listen to Hap. It would be best if we were to avoid the house. We should go back into the forest and go around. It is safer that way.” Vic watched as the smoke curled into the sky above the house like a wayward storm cloud. And though he was wary, he too felt the strange