did. Like the time when the stage lift they were supposed to sit on in the middle of the cowboy number didn’t rise in time, and they all fell on their bottoms on the floor. Russell said he was quite impressed at how quickly they all popped back up without missing a beat, a testament to their collective strength. A test of their collective stamina occurred regularly at the last show of the day, when the conductor had a habit of speeding up the orchestra’s tempo in order to catch an earlier train home, leaving both the musicians and the dancers breathless. During dinner at Moriarty’s, they laughed about an earlier rehearsal where the new girls had been introduced to the choreography for the Christmas Spectacular’s Wooden Soldiers number, which involved a precarious and technically challenging cascading slow fall, set off by a fake cannon shot that came from stage left. They first practiced in tight groups of six, facing the cannon with their arms bent at a ninety-degree angle, with only inches in between each dancer. The first girl slowly rocked back on her heels, allowing her full body weight to lean on the girl behind her, and one by one each of the dancers would do the same, arms tucked tightly under the armpits of the girl in front of them for leverage. This was repeated, girl after girl, until the entire line was seated, legs outstretched on either side, like a line of human dominos. If anyone moved too quickly, the line fell apart. Having one leg out of position could result in a serious injury. It took a huge leap of faith, or lean of faith, as Bunny put it over dinner, to let someone else support all your weight and not chicken out at the last minute. Marion dreaded the day they would have to do it in full costume, wearing stiffly starched white pants and a helmet that had to stay upright, which no doubt would distract from a move that was hard enough in rehearsal clothes. Listening to the dancers talk and laugh, Marion considered herself lucky. She’d landed in a warm sisterhood where her ambition and drive were celebrated, not questioned. Still, she missed her real family terribly. Every time she returned to the Rehearsal Club she hoped to see a message on the bulletin board beside the pay phone letting her know that her father had called. He knew where she was staying, where she worked. Was he really so angry at her that he would cut off all communication and not be the slightest bit interested in how she was holding up? She’d spoken with Mrs. Hornsby a couple of times, checking in, but she didn’t want to put their housekeeper in a difficult position, acting as the middleman between her and Simon, and kept their conversations short and light. Still, Marion detected the slightest edge of disappointment in Mrs. Hornsby’s voice, a quiet weariness that left Marion feeling guilty and sad. Nathaniel had reached out a couple of times since their