hands around his mouth. “Hello?” he yells. “Shhhhhut uuuppp!” Javier whisper-screams. “If there’s somebody down here, you just announced our presence.” Kyle’s face twists into an angry scowl. “I think hearing you fall through the hatch and the whole-ass conversation we just had already did that.” Javier huffs as I lead us down the cramped tunnel in the direction of the boathouse. It’s damp and musty and the ceiling is too low. My heartbeat creeps up. I don’t like the confined space. I have to keep telling myself that the walls are probably not closing in on me, but I don’t know if I actually believe it. Everything suddenly feels too close, too dark. It takes about ninety seconds to walk from one end of the tunnel to the other, and when we get to the hatch under the boathouse, we don’t find some shadowy figure lurking in the dark or a raccoon. Just the hatch, and the slide bolt that keeps it locked, open. “Didn’t we lock this?” Kyle asks. I nod. “Yeah. We always do. And look.” Scattered on the ground are little pieces of glass and black plastic. I take out my phone, turn on the flashlight, and sweep the column of light up to the security camera. The entire housing has been crushed, and what’s left of it is hanging from its exposed wiring. “Oh shit,” Javier says. “It’s broken.” It’s not just broken. It’s completely destroyed. Bezi grips my arm. “I think we should get out of here.” A chill runs up my back, and it’s not from the dank air sweeping through the underground tunnel. I grab Bezi’s hand and go to push the hatch open when Javier yanks me back. Kyle puts his hand on my shoulder and presses his finger to his lips. His eyes are like empty sockets in the dark. My heart thuds in my chest, but as I quiet myself, I hear a noise. The creak of a board just over my head. Someone is standing directly on top of the hatch. CHAPTER 10 I don’t even breathe as the boards continue to creak. Bezi’s fingertips dig into the skin on my forearm as a terrified grimace carves its way across her face. I press myself closer to her as we stare up through the boards. Dust from the floor above filters down. Suddenly, Javier steps on the back of my heel as he shoves past me and takes off in the direction of the lodge. I grab Bezi by the hand and pull her along behind me as I race after him. “Kyle!” I yell without looking back. “C’mon!” I sprint down the tunnel, bumping my shoulder on the wall as I flail in the dark. I shove Bezi up the ladder and turn to see Kyle barreling toward me. I scramble up the ladder and Kyle follows. As soon as Kyle clears the hatch, I slam it closed. Kyle stumbles to his feet while Javier and Bezi drag a bunch of chairs and the coffee table over the top