that comes from not having had monthly moon water for many, many years. She’s known to have the best embroidery skills in the household, but it can also be said that her mind is even more nimble than her fingers. Although not a mother herself, she’s often called upon to bind feet if a mother is susceptible to her daughter’s tears, and she has assisted at the births of most children in the household. “Shall I tell it?” she asks. This is greeted with a chorus of yeses, although I notice that Fourth Aunt looks far from enthusiastic. Spinster Aunt begins. “There once was a woman who beat her husband so badly that he ran to the bedchamber to hide. ‘Come out! Come out!’ she hollered. But he didn’t—” “The husband believed he had the will of a tiger. He cried, ‘No, no, no!’ ” This comes from Lady Kuo’s great-aunt, whose face is as wrinkled as a salted plum. The family she married into died out, leaving her nowhere to go. That Lady Kuo and Master Yang took her in is considered a great benevolence. “He was insistent, yelling, ‘When a brave man says no, he means no!’ ” “His words were indeed formidable,” Spinster Aunt agrees. “But wait! What is that mewling?” She leans forward and cups a hand to her ear. From around the room come the plaintive mews and whines of kittens. “The wife narrowed her eyes and opened her ears. Ah!” Spinster Aunt exclaims. “The sounds were coming from under the bed. It turned out that the brave tiger was nothing but a kitten when faced with his wife’s venom. Is there a man anywhere who does not quail before a woman who has become a terror of the back apartments?” The end of the story is met with appreciative laughter. The positions of these old ones are tenuous, but today they have earned their keep. They live, even more than I do, under the rule of Lady Kuo, and I do not have a place among them. “Yunxian, you want to know how best to please a man? Come sit with us. We know every wile and ploy.” The speaker is Miss Chen, Master Yang’s newest concubine and current favorite, which gives her a surprising amount of power over the other concubines. She’s my age and flawless in her beauty and comportment. She and the other concubines paint their faces, dress in elegant gowns, and nibble from trays laden with pears, nuts, dates, and persimmons. She has nothing to gain from having me join her circle, but her offer is even less appealing than sitting with the high-ranking wives. I look around for the final category of women who live here and find them sitting together in a corner. My husband’s three sisters have their heads together as they embroider bound-foot shoes for their future husbands’ mothers and revered aunties. Miss Zhao’s warnings about them could not have been more accurate. I’m lucky when they ignore me. Too often I’ve been the target of their pranks,