so that we can move them toward the next gruesome display. While they handle that, I find myself alone by the lake. I separate from the group early in the game so I can help with other special effects. I’m waiting for my cue, which, for tonight’s game, is the audio of a girl screaming at the top of her lungs played over the tiny speakers hidden in the trees near the guest cabins. When it sounds, my job is to dump a bucket of fake blood mixed with a few pieces of raw chicken onto the path so the guests come across it. As I wait in the shadow of a towering pine tree near Mirror Lake’s shore, there’s a splash in the water behind me. I turn to look, expecting to see one of the guests doing something they’re not supposed to be doing, but there’s no one. I take a step toward the lake. Just offshore, I spot something in the water. A shadowy human-size shape bobbing near the surface. Their head and shoulders move up and down, but I can’t see their face. “Hey!” I shout. “Get out of there! You can’t be in the water!” I edge my way along the shore. Who the hell is out there? Who’d want to be? “Hey!” I shout again. “Charity, go!” A voice sounds in my earpiece, and my heart jumps into my throat. I scramble back to the path and spill the bucket of blood and raw chicken across the dirt. In the dark, it looks like somebody has met a grisly end right there, and as I hide in the shrubbery, gasps and terrified whispers erupt from the guests as they come across it. As their voices fade, I turn back to the lake. It’s silent now, and I’m worried. I rush to the shore, as close to the last location of the person as I can get. I touch my earpiece. “Can I get a head count for the guests? Like, right now.” As I wait for a response, I peer into the dark water. I can still see . . . ​something. A dark shape just below the surface. I sprint to the lifeguard tower, which, again, is just for decoration but is accurate right down to the bright orange life preserver draped over the perch at the top. I scramble up the rickety structure and yank the ring down and tuck it under my arm. I jump down and rush back to the lake, tossing the ring in right where the person went under the water. “Charity.” Javier’s voice cuts through the static in my earpiece. “All the guests are accounted for. All four of them are here.” A wave of relief rushes over me, and I heave an exasperated sigh. I stare into the water. The dark shape is gone. The only movement is coming from the life preserver floating atop the water. CHAPTER 3 The trapdoor in the arts-and-crafts lodge is still sticking,” I say as I check my notes the following day