professional. “Yes, I’m doing okay.” She waited, but he didn’t respond right away. “Is something wrong?” He gestured for her to take a seat. “I’m wondering if we should have insisted you take more time off, after what happened.” “It was my decision to come back, I wanted to come back. I want to dance.” She didn’t mention that she had to dance if she wanted to continue supporting herself, to afford her room and board at the Rehearsal Club. “We’re worried about you. I don’t blame you, after what you experienced. But it appears that you’re struggling to fit in with the rest of the dancers onstage. I hate having to say this—I feel awful—but Mr. Leonidoff asked me to talk to you, and I promised I would.” “Okay.” She felt queasy. Mr. Leonidoff tended to let Russell handle the day-to-day business of the Rockettes. The fact that he was the impetus behind this conversation didn’t bode well. “Sometimes new Rockettes have a hard time adjusting to the role. The restrictions of this style of dance can feel stifling for some. You’re a terrific dancer, don’t get me wrong, but there are times you stand out from the crowd. I think you know what I’m talking about.” “I know I’m getting more notes than any of the other dancers. I’m sorry for letting you down. I want to be better, I do.” If she lost this job, she’d have to completely start over: find an agent who would send her out on auditions, try to please producers and casting directors. She’d seen enough of her fellow residents at the Rehearsal Club go through the cycle of audition and rejection to know that it took serious resilience to tread the boards of Broadway. There was no way she’d be up to it right now. Or, of course, she could take the easy way out and move home, agree to marry Nathaniel. But the image of Lucille’s stash of boxes in the attic was never far from Marion’s thoughts: Lucille, who’d been so eager to have a career in the theater and then had to give it all up. Marion was forging ahead as a way of carrying on Lucille’s legacy, and most of the time that made all the heartache worthwhile. “I’m sorry, Russell. I hate to disappoint you, and I promise I’ll pull it together. I have a week off, so that will give me more than enough time to refocus and tighten up my dancing. Please, give me another chance.” Russell smiled. “Of course, my dear. Go home and rest, and I’ll see you in a week. I want to make sure we’re not pushing you too fast, that’s all.” “I truly appreciate it. And I won’t disappoint you.” The theater was practically empty by the time she made it to the stage door; the security guard gave her a nod as she passed by. Outside, the air was cold and a few flurries skittered under the streetlights. “Marion.” She turned to see Peter leaning against the building a few