place you would think she’d be” was the reply he received. And Dacre, who was too impatient and angry to overturn every stone for her, decided he would call up his hounds from below. Sinewy, fire-hearted beasts, with translucent skin and teeth that spawned nightmares in dreams, the hounds roamed the land that night, searching for beauty and devouring those who got in their way. For Dacre assumed Enva was lovely to behold. But when the sun rose, the hounds were forced to go below, back to the shadows, and they had not found the one Dacre sought. So he summoned his eithrals from the deep caves of beneath. Great wyverns with filmed eyes and membranous wings and poisoned talons. They could withstand the sun, and they flew through the sky, searching for beauty and destroying whatever moved beneath them. But soon a storm came, and the eithrals’ wings threatened to tear in the fierce winds. So Dacre sent them back below, even though they too had not found the one he sought. It was only when he walked the land himself that he came upon a graveyard. And in the graveyard was a woman, ordinary by Dacre’s standards, with long dark hair and green eyes. She was dressed in homespun; she was barefoot and slender, and he decided he would not waste his time asking her where to find Enva. He passed her by without a second glance, but as he walked away … he heard the music of a harp, sweet and golden, even as the sky was gray and the breeze was cold. He heard the woman sing, and her voice pierced him. He was stunned by the beauty of her, beauty which could not be seen but felt, and he crawled back to her, over the graves of humans. “Enva,” he said. “Enva, come with me.” She did not stop her music for him. He had to wait while she sang over every grave, and he noticed the soil was richly turned, as if these humans had just been buried. When she sang the last song, she turned to look at him. “Dacre Underling, god of below, why have you wrought such chaos among innocents?” “What do you mean?” She indicated the graves. “Your hounds and your eithrals have killed these people. With your power, you could have healed their wounds. But you did not, and now I must sing their souls into eternity, for your creatures took them before it was their appointed time.” Dacre at last found the strength to rise. When Enva looked at him, he felt insignificant and unworthy, and he wanted her to behold him with something else. Something much different than sorrow and anger. “I did it to find you,” he said. “You could have found me on your own, had you taken the time to look for me.” “And now that I have found you, will you come below with me? Will you dwell where I live, breathe the air I inspire? Will you join me in ruling the world beneath?”