has to be bred into you across centuries.” “I’m sure,” he says. “I’m not like that, by the way.” “Gently bred to laugh through your nose?” His chin tips, his gaze knowing. “The impression you have of me. I don’t play with people’s feelings. I have rules.” “Rules?” I say. “Such as?” “Such as, never tell the rules to someone you’ve just met.” “Oh, come on,” I say. “We’re stepfriends now. You might as well tell me.” “Well, for one thing, Parth and I made a pact to never date our friends. Or each other’s friends.” He casts me a sidelong glance. “As for stepfriends, I’m not sure what the policy is.” “Wait, wait, wait,” I say. “You don’t date your friends? Who do you date, Wyn? Enemies? Strangers? Malevolent spirits who died in your apartment building?” “It’s a good policy,” he says. “It keeps things from getting messy.” “It’s dating, Wyn, not an all-you-can-eat barbecue buffet,” I say. “Although, from what I’ve heard, maybe for you they’re the same thing.” He looks at me through his lashes and tuts. “Are you slut-shaming me, Harriet?” “Not at all,” I say. “I love sluts! Some of my best friends are sluts. I’ve dabbled in sluttery myself.” Another bar of moonlight briefly lights his eyes, paling them to smoky silver. “Didn’t suit you?” he guesses. “Never got the chance to find out,” I say. “Because you fell in love,” he says. “Because men never really picked me up.” He laughs. “Okay.” “I’m not being self-deprecating,” I say. “Once men get to know me, they’re sometimes interested, but I’m not the one their eyes go to first. I’ve made peace with it.” His gaze slides down me and back up. “So you’re saying you’re slow- release hot.” I nod. “That’s right. I’m slow-release hot.” He considers me for a moment. “You’re not what I expected.” “Three-dimensional and blue-haired,” I say. “Among other things,” he says. “I expected you to be Parth 2.0,” I admit. His eyes narrow. “You thought I’d be better dressed.” “Than a torn sweatshirt and jeans?” I say. “No such thing.” He doesn’t seem to hear me, instead studying me with a furrowed brow. “You’re not slow-release hot.” I look away, fumble the radio on as heat scintillates across my chest. “Yeah, well,” I say, “most people don’t start by seeing me naked before we’ve spoken.” “It’s not about that,” he says. I feel the moment his gaze lifts off me and returns to the windshield, but he’s left a mark: from now on, dark cliffs, wind racing through hair, cinnamon paired with clove and pine—all of it will only mean Wyn Connor to me. A door has opened, and I know I’ll never get it shut again. Regency era or not, in a lot of ways, he ruins me. 5 REAL LIFE Monday WE’RE TRAPPED IN the kitchen for the length of three more toasts to undying love before Wyn finally asks our friends to excuse us and pulls me away to “settle in.” Kimmy purrs throatily, and Parth high-fives her