need of a little helping hand, and gosh I’m so darn clumsy I could die. Careful not to lay it on thick, but thick enough. Liz Felton is all kinds of good people so she helps me inside. She’s what they call petite, which isn’t fair because petite sounds like fancy and schmancy and she’s all business, and working muscle under that coat. She’s a trainer at the gym halfway down the boulevard: cycle cardio and something else. Good work, plenty of shifts when you want them and time off when you don’t. Perfect for a cop’s wife. Turns out my name is Dave. I’m from Neuberlin. Yeah, it’s our first child, just moved in upstairs, and oh dang once again! It seems like my wife’s taken the baby out and I don’t have a key, so of course a good woman like Liz is going to ask me in for tea. It’s just neighbourly. The Felton home is proud but not fancy. I’m pretty sure one of the chairs is handmade out of an old door. There are pictures of the Feltons with other cop couples, hanging out in their backyards. Cop life is complicated. Three quarters of the problems they get asked to solve they can’t, and shouldn’t have to, and don’t know how. The rest are just fucking terrifying. That makes them hang together, and that causes trouble because they can’t belong to one another more than they belong to ordinary people—but they inevitably do. Add in all the ordinary human vices and cops can be a mile away and to the side of the population they’re supposed to protect. Bad things will happen. I work near cops, around cops, between cops, but I’m not one of them and that makes a difference. The difference is much easier to deal with when you don’t get to know them personally. I put my bag down on the counter and sit while she boils water and we chat. I make sure to make no sense, and go on and on about my little girl, nine weeks. I even have pictures. Liz Felton is glad to talk because her husband’s running late. She doesn’t have kids yet. They’re waiting for him to make Sergeant. Yeah, she worries when he’s late, but he’s a smart guy and he knows he has responsibilities. He’ll come home. I make like I’m embarrassed: I don’t want to take up your time, you’re so kind, I should go and see if she’s back yet, but could I just use your bathroom, and of course I could. So I get into the private space and look around. Detective Nat Felton—Liz calls him Nathaniel every single time—likes a wet shave, a spearmint toothpaste and dark-coloured towels, and when I get out of the bathroom and I’m thinking I might just have a quick look along the hall, his wife is holding a gun on me, dead steady and not amused at all. “Don’t feel bad,” she says, “you did it really well.” She waggles the gun and I sit