said that Dad knew he was dying,” I say to him, shivering without a coat under my mother’s carport. “You said he’d made his peace with it. How can you be so sure?” “Your father and I talked, often, in his final months,” he says. “He didn’t want to die, to leave you or your mother. But he prepared himself. He forgave everyone, and he knew that he was forgiven. If he had known the exact day he would die, I don’t think he would have done anything differently.” The thought is more comforting than it once was. What he describes is what I want for my mother—the kind of peace my father knew, if there is no way for her to have the long life she deserves. I want her to be able to prepare herself in whatever ways she can. I know how important her faith is to her, how much solace she stands to gain from it. I nod, hear myself thanking him. When I go inside, I can see that the priest’s brief visit has left my mother calmer, steadier. She’s had enough of heavy business for the day and tells my daughter to fetch her jewelry boxes from her room. One by one, she shows her several pairs of earrings, lifting them out and holding them up to the light. “Do you like these ones? They’re amethysts, your birthstone,” she says. “They’re pretty,” my daughter, who has much simpler taste and avoids colors like purple and pink, says politely. “Look, these are pearls. Your great-grandma gave them to me for Christmas one year.” I almost tell my mom that it’s too soon to be giving us her things. But she’s smiling, so happy to see my daughter try on a pair of small pearl studs. “These are all things I don’t really wear anymore,” she says, “so if you like them, you should take them now.” For me, she has a ring that her mother gave her: a large black oval of onyx inset with a small diamond. It’s not a ring I ever asked to try on when I was a little girl; it wouldn’t have drawn my eye then—it’s not a sparkly or colorful jewel that a child would be drawn to, but a statement piece, dramatic and elegant. It is a ring, I think, that you have to grow into. I slide it onto my right forefinger, the only one it fits, and think about the last time she gave me one of her family rings: a vintage ring she’d inherited from her aunt Mary, originally set with a row of three garnets and stacks of tiny pearls. It was a lovely thing, with delicate filigree scrollwork along the band, and as a child I thrilled to see it gleaming like a small crown on my finger. Mom would let me wear it for a few moments, never for long. “It’s an heirloom,” she said. “You’ll get it when I’m gone.” But on my twenty-fifth birthday, I received a package containing a photo album