a rescue dog named Bonnie who would always be happier to see me than him, which he’d defend by saying, “She sees me every day. Of course she seems more excited to see you when you’re here.” We split our time between Seattle and LA before we decided to rent out Finn’s Los Feliz house and move in together this year, a quaint two-bedroom only a ten-minute drive from Noemie. Stella sold The Poisoned Pen in a two-book deal shortly after I finished it, in large part thanks to the relationships I’d built through ghostwriting. The sequel is coming out next year, so I’ve been immersed in writing and working a part-time job at a bookstore near our apartment. Finn’s wrapping production on a Hanukkah-themed romantic comedy, the first one for a network known mainly for Christmas movies. Plus, he’s often traveling for stakeholder meetings for his nonprofit, Healthy Minds, which already has a dozen therapists on staff. Our lives are busier than they’ve ever been, and I can’t imagine them any other way. My parents are deeply amused by the whole thing, including the fact that their daughter is in a relationship with someone they’ve watched on TV. My dad called him Hux for a full three months after I introduced him and still has the occasional slip. “I still can’t believe you haven’t let us read it yet,” my mom says after wrapping me in a hug. “We’ve read all the others!” “Yes, but this one is different. Just to be safe, I think you should skip chapters three, eleven, fourteen, the last few pages of eighteen, and half of twenty.” I consider this as I sign their copy. “And definitely twenty-two and twenty-four. Actually, maybe I should just hold on to this and redact some of those parts?” “Those are all the good parts,” Noemie stage-whispers, and I mime smacking her with the book. Just when I think I’ve signed everything and all my friends and family have moved the party over to the bar, one last person approaches my table. “Who should I make it out to?” I ask, the words still sounding strange but starting to feel more familiar. “Your fiancé,” Finn says as he slides the book forward. Another word I haven’t gotten used to, and I love the way it sounds in his voice. I glance down at the ring on my finger, warmth blooming in my chest. The engagement: a quiet, perfect moment between us a few months ago before we put his house up for rent. Glasses of wine, soft jazz playing from his sound system, Bonnie dozing in my lap. “Not being married to you feels like a complete waste of time,” he said, toying with a strand of my hair. “I think we should fix that.” Now he watches me swipe my pen over the title page, nothing but the purest admiration in his eyes. “My signature is a mess,” I declare. The two C’s aren’t uniform, and it looks a little like I’m practicing cursive on one of those gridded