with her and concentrate, soothing the darkness until sleep could come peacefully, without those strange dreams. There’d been no death that night. But Anton shook his head, mindless of the blade still against his neck. Gabe tried to move it; he didn’t in time, and a thin line of crimson creased the old man’s skin. “It won’t last,” he rasped. “These roles are fixed. To let the girl live is to invite oblivion, for the world, but for yourselves most of all.” “Spare us your religious bullshit,” Bastian hissed. Another braying laugh from the Priest Exalted. “Oh, nephew, that’s the one thing you can’t be spared. You’ll learn.” “Lore.” The Night Priestess’s voice was quiet; still, it echoed. Her face was emotionless, though something like resignation lurked at the corner of her mouth, in the shine of her eyes. “Things have progressed more than we thought,” she said softly. “I see that now. I can’t make you choose death.” “Damn right,” Bastian snarled, shouldering in front of Lore. “I was too weak before,” the Night Priestess continued, ignoring Bastian. “And for that, I’m sorry.” “Sorry for letting me live?” Lore’s voice came out ragged. “Sorry for saving me?” Her mother lowered her chin, her long, pale hair almost covering her face. “But you can be strong now,” she said, as if Lore hadn’t spoken at all. “You can make the right choice.” “You’re asking her to die, and you think you’re in the right?” Gabe nearly spat it. But the Night Priestess didn’t respond. She looked only at Lore, only at her daughter. “It all springs from this choice,” she murmured. “You are the seed of the apocalypse.” And it was true. Lore didn’t know how, not yet, didn’t understand the intricacies. But she felt the truth. But it was also true what she’d told her mother. Lore was selfish. If it came down to her or the world, Lore chose herself. The Night Priestess sighed. Nodded, knowing Lore’s answer though she didn’t speak. Then, in a quick movement that the flickering flames bisected into strange jerks, she climbed up onto the lip of the well and descended the spinning stairs into the dark. Bastian moved forward, as if he’d follow and extract some kind of revenge, but Lore put her hand on his chest. “No,” she murmured, and had nothing else to add. “No.” He listened. “You’ve chosen your path, the three of you,” Anton murmured. “Woe betide us when the rest follow.” Bastian looked at Gabe. Flicked his hand. “The old man will live, Gabe.” Shoulders slumped in relief, Gabe finally took his dagger from Anton’s throat. He stepped back, letting the Priest Exalted stand on his own. Bastian’s hand moved, twisting in a graceful motion that looked near impossible. Golden swirls carved through the air, coalescing around his fingers, threads spun from the sun itself. Then Bastian thrust his handful of gold toward Anton. The strands attached to the ground around the Priest Exalted, and it erupted. Thick green vines grew rapidly through the stone, thorn-studded, the ends opening