look of raw vulnerability, hope. “It’s amazing,” I force out. “I didn’t know you were building anything. When did you start?” He scratches the back of his head. “I started building in San Francisco.” “You what?” I say. “The second job I had,” he says. “It wasn’t upholstery. I was apprenticing for a designer.” In the scheme of things, it’s not a salacious reveal, but it is disorienting. To realize the rift between us began even longer ago than I realized. “Why didn’t you tell me?” “I don’t know. I was embarrassed.” “Embarrassed,” I repeat, like it’s my first introduction to the word. It might as well be. “What could possibly be embarrassing about this?” “I’ve never been like you,” he says. “I wasn’t brilliant. I wasn’t someone with a ton of goals. I’ve spent my first thirty years tripping through life.” “That’s not true,” I say. “Harriet.” He looks at me through his lashes, every variety of green and gray in his eyes on full display in the sunlight reflecting off the water below. “I barely got into college, and I barely graduated. And then I followed you out to San Francisco, and even with a degree, I managed to botch every interview I went to for jobs that would actually pay. If I fucked up the apprenticeship, I didn’t want you to watch it happen. Saying it was another upholstery job took the pressure off, because if I lost it, I could find another.” My nose burns. I drop my eyes back to the phone, the screen blurring. “He actually didn’t think I was any good,” he says. I look up. “The designer I apprenticed for,” he says. “He said I had no instincts.” I snort. “What, like you’re some kind of birding dog? What an asshole.” Wyn smiles faintly. “When I left that job and went home, I was pretty sure I was done even trying. Figured I’d stick with the repairs.” “What made you change your mind?” He eases onto the hot metal of the hood beside me. “It’s hard to explain.” We’re back to the push and pull, the little drips of him and then the droughts that follow. I’ve never known how to take him in small doses. One taste only ever makes the thirst worse. “Well, I’m proud of you,” I say thickly, folding my arms, barricading myself from him the same way he’s done to me. His eyes return to mine. “I could make you one, if you want.” “A table?” I ask. He nods. “I don’t have that kind of money, Wyn.” “I know,” he says. “That’s not what I meant.” “I couldn’t take something like that for free,” I say. “It’s going really well, Harriet,” he says. “And I hardly have any expenses right now—maybe you’ve heard: I live with my mom?” I laugh. “I think I remember reading that on TMZ.” He touches my hand against the hood, and god help me, I turn my palm up to his. I need to hold on to him right now, need to feel