guess she was telling the truth after all.” “The camp existed, but it doesn’t say anything about campers being killed.” I set the papers down. “Why does Mr. Lamont have this stuff?” “When did he buy this place?” Bezi asks. “Maybe he just hasn’t gone through all this junk.” “Why would he tell me it’s expensive supplies and not to mess with it, then?” I ask. “He’s trying to hide what happened here? Why? It makes no sense.” I dig through more scraps and don’t find anything else about the camp, but I do find several articles about the purchase of the land itself under a nest of silverfish. I shake off the silvery bugs, some of which are still squirming, to find attached to the paper a photocopy of a deed. I gently smooth it out. Dead center is an approximation of Mirror Lake. South of the water is a highlighted area labeled proposed site of summer camp, but the lines and measurements indicating the perimeters of the camp extend far beyond the fenced area. “I wish Porter was here,” I say. “He could tell me what this all means. To me, it looks like at some point somebody bought up this site and all the land behind it. But this is from the sixties. Mr. Lamont isn’t that old, I don’t think.” “Weird,” Bezi says as she stares down at the deed. “Let’s take it back to the lodge and show Kyle and Javier, see what they think.” I gather up the clippings and the copy of the deed and stick them back in the tan envelope. Bezi and I are on our way out when something catches my attention on one of the monitors in the control center. I stop and lean closer to the screen. “What is it?” Bezi asks. “The camera that monitors the trapdoor under the boathouse is out,” I say as I stare at the blank screen. “Why?” Bezi asks. “Not sure,” I say. All the other monitors are on and showing their designated areas in black and white. “The cameras are pretty new, but I gotta check it before we shut everything down so Mr. Lamont knows to fix it before next season. If there even is a next season.” Bezi loops her arm under mine and pulls me toward the door. “It’ll be fine,” she says reassuringly. I lean against her shoulder, wanting so much to believe her when suddenly, for just a split second, the broken camera blinks on and I see a figure, cloaked in black, standing just under the hatch that leads up through the floor of the boathouse. CHAPTER 9 The camera blinks off again, and the screen goes dark. “Did you see that?” I ask. Bezi glances back at me. “What?” “I saw someone in the tunnel under the boathouse hatch.” “Who?” Bezi asks. “Kyle or Javier?” “I—I couldn’t tell.” The lighting down there is low on purpose. We don’t want the guests knowing we have access to trapdoors and secret tunnels. It adds to the illusion of