you soon, okay?” The sun gleams against his marble headstone and throws a strip of light onto my face. I laugh and look up to a patch of blue sky. “Subtle, Dad,” I tell him, squinting in the sun. “Really subtle.” Acknowledgments I will attempt to keep this short, because if I don’t, I run the risk of this being pages long, and you’ve already read an entire book. If I don’t succeed, know that I tried. Every author says this (perhaps because it’s true), but I couldn’t have done this without three special people. First up, we have literary agent extraordinaire Jemima Forrester, who had nothing but love, laughter, and I think a few tears for Maddie the moment she read my manuscript in its earliest stage and rawest form. My U.K. editor, Olivia Barber, who loved Maame so much that during the submission and auction process the words “She won’t go down without a fight” were uttered more than once. To Sarah Cantin, my U.S. editor, whose personal, soft spot for Maddie and her father resonated with me so deeply, I knew she was the one as soon as our call had ended. I love your ebullience and how whenever you tell me you’re excited to read Maame again, I believe you each and every time. I’m not sure it’s often an author enjoys a lengthy editing process but as I’ve mentioned many times (one particularly long email I sent on the 28th of July comes to mind), I loved it. The three of you make an unrivaled team in my opinion, and I love that this is only the beginning for us. And of course, to my U.S. agent/matchmaker, Michelle Brower, thank you for introducing me to the wonder that is Sarah, and for voluntarily joining online meetings at what I imagine felt like the crack of dawn for you. To Sallie Lotz and Drue VanDuker because I know well enough by now that there is no such thing as being “only an assistant” and I don’t need to be sat in the office beside you to know how hard you both must work. To Jen Enderlin, thank you so much for falling in love with Maame and to everyone else on the Maame team who I’ve met virtually and have yet to meet: Lisa Senz, Anne Marie Tallberg, Dori Weintraub, Erica Martirano (I wildly appreciate that favor you cashed in), Austin Adams, Kejana Ayala, Alexandra Hoopes, Tom Thompson, Kim Ludlam, Olga Grlic, Lena Shekhter, Lizz Blaise, Kiffin Steurer, Jen Edwards, Robert Allen, Mary Beth Roche, and Emily Dyer. I’ve heard only a fraction of all the magic you’re doing for this book, and I thank you for it. I also want to thank everyone else at St. Martin’s Press just for reading Maame because it’s an incredible thing to have Sarah constantly tell me how much of a unanimous decision it was to take me on as an author. To my mum, who, although she’s more thoughtful and supportive than Maddie’s, is just as full of funny one-liners.