said. Her father let out a disappointed sigh. “Marion. That’s not what we agreed on.” “I can’t explain why, but I have to stay.” “I’m driving to the Rehearsal Club right now, then. I’ll drag you out if I have to.” “You won’t find me there.” “Is this some kind of riddle? Please, Marion, I have to know that you’re safe. How can you do this to me?” “I think that’s a question for both of us.” “I have no idea what you’re talking about.” He paused. “Did you go to my office yesterday to collect Judy’s things? I stopped by this afternoon to catch up on some work, and Dennis said he ran into you.” “I was there, yes.” “What’s going on?” But the words didn’t have the vehemence of his earlier questions. “I have to go. I’ll be in touch when I can. I’m safe, but I can’t see you right now.” Marion hung up. With nowhere else to go, Marion stayed at Peter’s apartment again, where they solidified their plan well into the night. Even then, she couldn’t sleep, knowing that her father had an inkling of what was coming, knowing that she would be betraying the man who’d raised her and loved her dearly. She cried silently into her pillow—or thought she was silent—until Peter got up and knelt by the side of the bed. He stroked her hair and spoke in a low, soothing voice, telling her that it would all be okay. “Thank you,” she whispered once she was able to speak without crying. She moved over and he lay down on his back and allowed her to curl up into him. She pulled herself closer, letting the warmth of his body calm her own, breathing in the scent of him, and only then did she finally fall asleep. The next morning, Peter was already up as Marion emerged from a deep sleep. They didn’t speak of the fact that they had slept in the same bed all night. Instead, Marion made pancakes on the stove while Peter brewed the coffee, each one weaving around the other with an easy grace, as if they’d done this all their lives. Marion was too nervous to be hungry, but Peter insisted, saying that they needed to have energy and be at the top of their game. “And that requires fuel.” “Yes, Dr. Griggs,” she said. At the Radio City box office, Peter asked for a ticket to the one-o’clock matinee. “Seat II 514, if it’s available.” It was. He tucked it into his jacket pocket and turned to Marion. “This is it. Are you going to be okay?” he asked. “I have to be. This has to work.” “Be careful.” “You too.” He reached out and touched her cheek. She thought he might lean in for a kiss, but then a tourist jostled into her and the moment passed. Peter disappeared inside. Marion went around to the stage door and greeted the security guards, telling them she was stopping by to pick up her belongings. She passed the