in a straight line. “According to Javier’s grandma, there was a summer camp here in 1971. That’s twelve years before they shot The Curse of Camp Mirror Lake. And she’s saying six people died, but I’ve never heard of anything like that.” “I hate to be morbid, but you’d think if something like that really happened here, it might get mentioned more,” Bezi says. “I feel like it’d be a selling point for this place.” Kyle looks appalled. “Jesus.” “I’m not saying I agree,” Bezi says quickly. “I’m just sayin’.” She sits up straight. “What?” I ask. “What is it?” “I forgot—I meant to tell you.” She shakes her head. “When Ms. Keane was waving her gun around, me and Paige barricaded the door in the control center, but we still didn’t feel safe so we, uh—we kicked in that locked supply closet.” “What?” I ask. “Did you damage anything?” Bezi purses her lips. “Bezi, come on.” I sigh. “I gotta fix it if you broke something. There’s expensive equipment in there.” “No there isn’t,” she says. “That’s what I’m saying. There’s no equipment in there at all. Just boxes of junk. Mostly papers and folders from what we could see.” I pause. “Mr. Lamont said it was extra audio and video equipment. He said it was more valuable than anything else we have out here.” Bezi shrugs. “Maybe there’s something in there that your boss doesn’t want y’all to see.” I stand and pull Bezi up with me. “Come on. I want to go have a look.” I turn to Javier and Kyle. “Y’all coming?” “Nah,” Javier says. “I’m tired. I’m gonna take a nap until Tasha and them come back.” “I need to start cleaning out the kitchen,” Kyle says. “We’re still tryna get out of here tomorrow, right?” “Yeah,” I say. “As long as we get everything done. Day after tomorrow at the latest.” Kyle looks severely disappointed. “I’ll be back to help in a little bit,” I say. He gives me a smile, and Bezi and I head to the control center. The door to the supply closet in the control room is halfway off the hinges and the frame is cracked around the lock plate. I narrow my eyes at Bezi. “Y’all busted this thing wide open.” “We were scared,” Bezi says. “My adrenaline was pumping. Sorry. I think we can fix it, though.” I nudge the broken door open and glance inside the large closet. Bezi is right; there’s no extra equipment, just dozens of boxes filled with file folders and paper. A thick, musty odor lingers in the air and there’s a layer of gray dust on everything. A skitter of tiny feet tells me some mice have made this place their home. I grab one of the boxes nearest me and open its water-damaged flaps. Inside are a few folded shirts and red whistles on strings. I pull out one of the tops and hold it up. It’s filled with holes where mice or moths or some other creature ate their way through the