the positives. “At first, it was great. We were vibing, he was funny and a little nerdy in this supercute way. And you know me—as soon as I detect even the slightest hint of creepy, I’m gone.” “You do have an excellent creep detector.” “Thank you.” A bite of toast, and then I keep going. “He was in town from LA for a conference. We got into this friendly argument about how Seattle doesn’t have any good by-the-slice pizza places—” “True—” “—and we tried to find one. So we ate a bit, talked a bit, flirted a bit . . .” My face heats up as I remember the way he looked at me as I rolled up his sleeves. It’s ridiculous, how much I like you. “Oh, and then I realized I forgot to buy Maddy’s book. I still have to go back and pay, by the way. I don’t want that on my conscience.” As if it’s a Pavlovian response, I reach for my glass of water. “Then we wound up back at his hotel. At which point we proceeded to have”—I lower my head to the table made from reclaimed wood, pausing for dramatic effect—“the worst sex of my life.” This time, my cousin drops her fork onto her plate with a sharp clang. “No, no, no—what? That’s not where I thought this was going.” “Trust me, neither did I. It was the Murphy’s Law of sex—everything that could go wrong, did. His watch got caught on my necklace, lube went everywhere, and then he just . . . jackhammered his way through the rest of it.” “And I’m guessing you were left slightly unsatisfied?” I nod. “I don’t even think a map would have saved him. Poor guy was clueless,” I say. “If we’d been dating, I would have tried to help him out a bit more, but it felt so strange, giving instructions to someone I didn’t know.” It strikes me again that I could have said something. Could have told him, Hey, I’m not there yet and showed him how to get me there. I’ve grown comfortable giving directions in bed, but I can’t help thinking it wouldn’t have been worth it during a one-night stand. Besides, I’ve learned that not everyone wants to be coached. Some past boyfriends took it as an insult, although with those who were open to it, we managed to have good, communicative relationships after some initial fumbling. But that definitely wasn’t everyone, and I wasn’t in the mood to do any ego soothing last night. I imagine him waking up this morning, reaching to the other side of the bed only to find it empty. A slight pang of guilt settles in my stomach. But I would have been gone at the end of today, anyway. Noemie gets up and refills her mug, then takes a sip while she leans against the kitchen counter, looking pensive. “I want to ask how sex ed could have failed so many men in this way, but I didn’t know where my clitoris was