“Is there anyone else in the house?” The Coachman laughed. “Just me, I’m afraid. I never did well with others. I like my privacy.” “What is your purpose?” “Oh! Well, where do I even begin? You see, ever since I was created, I have crossed this great land of ours, bringing mystery and enchantment to all the machines! I—” “Your purpose,” Not-Hap said. The Coachman chuckled. “Isn’t that the question of the day? What is our purpose? What are we doing here? Our philosophers will say that we are—” “You talk,” Not-Hap said, “without saying anything at all.” “It’s a gift,” the Coachman agreed. “Perhaps a curse. If you could tell me what you’re looking for, I might be able to assist you better.” “Humans,” Not-Hap said. “I am looking for humans.” “Humans!” the Coachman repeated. He shook his head. “I don’t understand—” Not-Hap held up his hand, and the Coachman fell silent. Not-Hap looked up at the house. “I will tell you a designation. You will indicate whether you’ve heard of it before.” He looked back at the Coachman. “Do you understand?” “Yes! Of course.” “Gio, also known as General Innovation Operative.” Vic’s blood froze. “General Innovation Operative,” the Coachman said. “Quite a mouthful, that. Can’t say that I’ve heard of him before. Who is he?” “Are you sure?” Not-Hap’s gaze shifted to the house before turning back to the Coachman. “Yes, quite. I think I would remember if I’d heard that designation before. It’s certainly … unique.” “Stand aside,” Not-Hap said. “Under order of the Authority, your residence will be inspected.” “Inspected, you say? I assure you, there is nothing worth the time of the Authority inside. Surely, you have more important things to focus on.” “Are you refusing?” Not-Hap asked. “No, no,” the Coachman said hastily. “I wouldn’t dream of such a thing. Please, please. Come inside! I have nothing to hide.” He turned, glancing up at the camera with an unreadable expression, Not-Hap and the smooth men close at his heels. “Oh no,” Rambo whispered. “Nurse Ratched,” Vic said frantically. “Kill the screen before they see the light!” “Yes, Victor,” she said, switching the screen off, afterimages dancing along Vic’s vision. “Not a word,” Vic whispered. “Rambo, no sound.” “You got it, Vic! I won’t let them hear a single thing I have to say, even if —” “Hush,” Nurse Ratched said, and Rambo did. Somewhere above them, the door opened. Muffled voices, the Coachman talking, talking, Not-Hap giving one-word responses. The floor creaked and groaned as they moved about the room. Sweat trickled down Vic’s chest, his heart thundering against his rib cage. The Coachman laughed, but it sounded forced, an undercurrent of worry threaded through it. Not-Hap said something else, to which the Coachman loudly replied, “Of course this is all there is!” Though it lasted only five minutes, it felt like hours, days, weeks that never ended. By the time the Coachman led Not-Hap and the smooth men from the house, Vic was nauseous, a buzzing noise in his head as if his brain was