melt at the thought of the other women in his life, the ones who have shaped him. And if he knows you well enough … then he’ll mention something about books or newspaper articles, because surely by now he knows your writing is exquisite, and above all he knows that he doesn’t deserve you and your words and he never will. Iris was stunned. She stared at him, uncertain how to respond. When Roman held her gaze, as if challenging her, she dropped her eyes to the letter. She would have to wait to finish it. She carefully folded and slipped it back in her pocket. But nor would she let her old rival have the last word. She penned and sent: You’re overthinking it. Go to sleep, Roman Kitt. He sighed and leaned his head back. She realized his face was flushed. She watched as his eyes grew heavy. Perhaps that was all she needed to do to make him heed her: call him Roman. But she fell asleep before she could think further on it. And she dreamt of a cold city with streets that never ended and a heavy mist and a boy with dark hair who ran ahead of her, just beyond her reach. {30} Notes from the Trenches Rules for a Civilian in the Trenches: 1. Stay down. Resist the temptation to crawl up one of the ladders to catch a glimpse of the land above, which you previously took for granted before you descended. The ladders are to be used by the lookouts and their periscopes, or for snipers, or when the barrage* (see footnote #1) happens. 2. Become comfortable with a home of open sky and damp dirt walls, but never trust them. The sky is always a threat, and while the earth is your greatest shield when the hounds prowl and the mortar strikes, it can also be dangerous* (see footnote #2). 3. Pray against rain. Daily. Or else prepare to live in flooded conditions* (see footnote #3). 4. Ignore the rats. Yes, this is extremely difficult when they roam the trench at night and crawl over your legs and chew through your bag. Also, ignore the lice. 5. Eat and drink just enough to keep yourself fueled and hydrated. You’ll always feel the faint (or intense) gnaw of hunger as you live off of dried meat and tins of beans. But on a very good day, you might get an egg banjo* (see footnote #4), which tastes utterly divine. 6. Lanterns are allowed to burn low in the communication trenches, but no fire is permitted at night on the front lines. Not even a spark to light a cigarette* (see footnote #5). 7. There is no privacy. Not even when you need the loo. Footnotes: 1. A “barrage” can be defined as a “concentrated artillery bombardment over a wide area.” Lieutenant Lark has informed me this tactic is used when one side wants to cross the “dead man’s zone,” which is the plot of ground between the two forces’ trenches. Heavy casualties occur