been together like ten years, and they’re making it work, even while they have to be long distance. Clearly love actually can conquer all.” “Eight years,” Wyn corrects quietly. Kimmy squeezes his bicep. “Eight years, and you’re still never more than three feet apart.” By my estimation, Wyn is approximately two feet eleven and three- quarters inches from me when she says this, but at the comment, he hooks an arm around my neck and says, “Yeah, well, even after all these years, Harriet has a way of making me feel like we’ve just met.” Kimmy clutches her heart again, missing the irony he intended only for me. A whoop goes up around the room as Sabrina pops the champagne’s cork. I feel like I’m floating over my own body. Adrenaline is doing weird things to me. Normally, I’d rather roll down a mountainside covered in broken glass and sticky traps than create conflict, but the longer this goes on, the harder it’s going to be to get out of our lie. “That’s amazing.” My voice lifts two and half octaves. “But I have to tell you—” “Harriet.” And there he is again, at my side with arms coming around me from behind and his chin resting atop my head, and now, when Think of your m*****f****** happy place flashes through my mind, all I can think is, If only I were still on Sober Ray’s death trap airplane! “That’s not,” Wyn goes on, “the end of the announcement.” Again Kimmy claps her hands together on a gasp. “Still not pregnant,” Sabrina says. Kimmy sighs. Parth’s beaming with his very distinct I’ve got an amazing surprise for you smile. The one that preceded the New Orleans–themed birthday he threw for Cleo, or the moment he presented me with the stethoscope he’d gotten engraved as a med school graduation present. He and Sabrina share a knowing smirk. “Oh, come on,” Cleo says. Kimmy throws two Takis at Sabrina’s head. She swats them away. “Fine, fine! Tell them.” “We’re getting married,” Parth says. Confused looks are exchanged throughout the room. “That’s . . . usually what follows an engagement,” Cleo says. “No, I mean on Saturday,” he clarifies. “We’re getting married. Here, with the six of us. Nothing fancy. Literally a little ceremony down on the dock, with all our best friends.” My whole body goes icy cold, then blisteringly hot. My face and hands are numb. Wyn releases his hold on me again, and when my gaze slices up toward his, I see my own misery reflected on his face. We’re trapped here. My ears ring, my friends’ voices becoming a muffled warble. A blue Estelle champagne flute is forced into my tingling fingers for a toast, and my hearing clears enough to catch Parth crying, “To everlasting love!” And Sabrina adding, “And our best friends forever! There’s no other way we’d want to spend this last week at the cottage.” GO TO YOUR G.D. HAPPY PLACE, HARRIET, I think, followed by, NO, NOT THAT ONE. Too late. 4 HAPPY PLACE MATTINGLY, VERMONT