is if you can wave a hand vaguely around the office and have me sat in the middle of it. No, don’t think like that—you’ll get the job because you’re qualified. * * * Penny Reaser is in her midforties, tanned, with brown eyes enhanced by blue eye shadow. Her blond hair is cropped short and appears to be in no particular style. She offers me a seat, and I think of Katherine’s office at CGT, its clutter-free space and neat stacks of paper. Penny’s bookcases are heaving and each smooth surface is covered in colorful books. Her desk is piled high with book catalogs, stationery bits, and loose sheets of paper despite there being a tall filing cabinet in the corner. I think the cabinet is probably full. Katherine had a shredder under her desk. I might suggest Penny get a shredder. We talk about OTP’s list (a variety of nonfiction, but my main focus will be on food and drink) and my experience, before going on to my role here. “The role will start off admin-heavy with my diary, minute-taking, meeting prep, online orders—very much things you’ll have already done and are proficient at,” Penny says. When she reaches for a sip of her tea, I notice her plain wedding band and that her nails are painted Barbie pink by someone who has difficulty coloring within lines. I wonder if she has any children. “You’ll be trained in our database MDX where all our data is stored,” she continues, “and there’s a lot you’ll learn on the job. We pair all our assistants with a senior editor so you gain invaluable insight into what it means to be an editor from the very beginning.” This sounds promising. Not so much the admin portion, especially since I know “meeting prep” is industry talk for making tea and coffee, but if I can get through that period, I’ll get to learn the realities of the publishing trade. Maybe move to a fiction department in a year or two. Look at that—I have a career plan. Next I have to complete two fifteen-minute tasks: mark up a printout of Penny’s calendar with any changes I’d make or concerns I might have. Then read through a short story and correct any errors. I start with the short story, and spot all the to/too/two and they’re/their/there errors, as well as inconsistencies (the little girl’s been called three different names within the first paragraph) and mark up the relentless use of commas. I move on to Penny’s diary and this task is easy; I’ve been managing diaries of the overworked for years now. I already know you can’t have back-to-back meetings in two different buildings and that an hour for lunch should always be set aside, even if that’s not what it’s used for. I move clashes, but without access to other diaries, I can only suggest changes. On paper I query if some of these meetings are in her diary for information’s sake and which ones she’ll be chairing and may need to bring material