assistant forum discussing all kinds of things, from pay differences to appropriate work banter. Last year, someone asked: Does your boss pretend your ideas are his? Kieran: No. I’m credited for all my ideas. I might not have the experience to follow it up, but my line manager always lets the team know who came up with what idea, even if it’s tiny. Lia: Same here. I can’t always follow up because I don’t have that training, but I always get a “Lia came up with this great suggestion/congrats” from the team. Georgie: It’s a question of intellectual property belonging to the company you work for. I’m sure you were credited somehow, but don’t expect your name in the Acknowledgments. Steph: They do this because they want to keep you an assistant for longer. It’s better for them to pay you an assistant-level salary rather than acknowledge the position you really should have. An email from Kris pops up. From: Kristina@orangetreepublishing.com To: Maddie@orangetreeepublishing.com Subject: RE: Love Stories It’s so good to hear from you, Maddie, but know there’s no pressure to return to work. If you feel you need to, do only bits of what you can, but we have plenty of breathing space on the schedule for this. Selecting your favorite photographers for Love Stories might be a fun task—see email below. K x I don’t ever get to do anything creative such as choose photographers—I assumed the Design team would do that—but this task must have been given solely to placate me. Still, I click the links to various portfolios and spend the rest of the afternoon going through food websites and photographs, keeping the book’s synopsis in mind. His style is more focused and appealing—the red of tomatoes, the drip of olive oil. Her photos are more ranging; she tells me an entire story in only a few shots. She’s very clean and neat, maybe too much so? Afra uses the words “chaotic expression” and I don’t see that here. He’s very bright and colorful. He’d be great for the summer section but for winter too? Is this too sparse or is it minimalist? Ooh, I like him. Incredible with close-ups. I know it’s an autumnal recipe from that photo alone … Pumpkin tagine—I knew it. Henry VIII royal banquet vibes. She’s good at incorporating people into her photos. Can I pull off that pale pink nail color? * * * I whittle my top eight down to three and send those to Kris, cc’ing in Penny. By three in the afternoon, I have no other responses to my “et al.” email and close my laptop. Jo’s sent a group message to say she’s got a date and will be back late. I immediately wonder if it’s with Sam, and then decide she’d have said if it was. I shouldn’t care if it is, but I do. It’s still warm, so I stay outside with a bottle of cider and respond to more app notifications. I hope there’s one from Alex. Nate Have you dated a white man before?