feet from the front door. I burst from the car, Carter’s loud and fast footfalls echoing up the street behind me. “Kit, wait!” he calls. I do the opposite, running to the front door, flinging it open, slamming it shut behind me. Carter reaches it just as I turn the deadbolt. He pounds on the door, pleading with me. “Kit, please! You’ve got it all wrong.” I back away from the door, unsure what to do next. I need a phone to call Detective Vick, peroxide and a Band-Aid for my hand, and to find my father, so I can finally reveal the truth about my mother’s death. I head to the living room, expecting to find my father in his La-Z-Boy, waiting up for me like he did when I was a teenager. Only his chair is empty. As is the living room. And, it seems, the whole house. “Dad?” I move down the hall, to the bedroom he once shared with my mother but now sleeps in alone. Peeking through the doorway, I spot a suitcase on the bed. One that doesn’t belong to him. It’s smaller than his battered suitcase, which I remember from so many family vacations. Nicer, too. Quality leather as dark as brandy. Its single flaw is a broken handle, which dangles from the suitcase, held on at only one end. My vision narrows, darkness pushing in from all sides until it looks like I’m staring down a train tunnel. But there’s no light at the end of it. Only confusion as I zero in on the suitcase’s lid. My hand shakes so hard I can barely lift it open. When I do, I see a test tube with blood inside it and a stack of typewritten pages. I scan the first line of the top one. The thing I remember most--the thing I still have nightmares about--is when it was all but over. A sob croaks out of me. I can’t hear it because my pounding heart is loud in my ears. A shock. I’m so heartbroken I’m surprised it can even beat at all. Because I know what my father did to get this suitcase. And I know why. All my life I’d only heard him referred to as Pat. But his real name is Patrick. Patrick McDeere. It didn’t occur to me that the second half of his name could also be turned into a different nickname. Ricky. Ricky sat in one of the leather chairs next to the fireplace. My father stood beside the other one, his back toward the door. Neither one of them noticed me as I crept into the room, the glinting knife in my grip leading the way. They only became aware of my presence once I said, “Where’s my baby?” “It’s gone, Virginia,” my father said with his back still to me, as if I wasn’t even worth the effort of turning around. “Bring him back.” “It’s too late for that, my darling.” “Don’t call me that!” I snapped, my hand tightening around the knife. “Don’t you