taking it forward. We wish you the very best with your writing in the future. Sincerely, Carrow Books I’d forgotten all about the rough draft I submitted, which makes the rejection no real loss. I put my phone away and pause beneath the office’s spiral staircase when I hear Penny and Kris walking up. “I think Maddie should be more involved with Love Stories than she currently is,” Kris says. “She did bring us Afra and picked out great photographers—we’re even contacting two of her choices. She’s been on top of her admin since she started and is full of ideas for an assistant. I did tell you the concept of Flavor Pairings and the play on the word ‘pair’ were her ideas, didn’t I?” What? “You did, and I know,” Penny says. “I am impressed, but we were drowning in general admin before her, and we can’t afford to split her focus now.” “We should give her the opportunity to do both.” “She’s just lost her father,” Penny says. “Let’s not overwhelm her.” The door closes behind them, but I stay where I am. So it wasn’t Kris “stealing” my ideas, it was Penny refusing to acknowledge they were mine. Why would she do that? Was that person from the internet right? Is it to keep me as an assistant for longer, rather than pay for my promotion and replacement? Should I confront her? You can’t confront your boss and accuse her of stealing. I briefly close my eyes and accept that I don’t have the energy to fight the (wo)man today. My phone buzzes again. Unknown number Hi Maddie! I’m not sure if you remember me but it’s Emma here. I got your number off Jo she thinks I’m asking you for publishing tips so if she asks play along! I don’t know if you and Cam know but it’s Jo’s birthday on Sunday and I want to throw her a surprise party at your place in the garden. Can you both help? xx Emma has been to the house a few times with her boyfriend, Tinka. I remember her from her very short, blond bob and freckle-splattered cheeks. I’m about to type out an excuse to get out of it when I think, maybe this is how I make amends for blaming Dad’s death on Jo. Even though I don’t plan to stay for much longer, I am rather tired of going to work and coming home only to go straight to my room when she’s in the kitchen or in front of the TV. I did apologize but clearly that wasn’t enough. Maybe this action will speak louder than my words. People pleasing? Maybe, but baby steps. I check in with Cam before responding. Maddie Hi Emma, We’d be happy to! X * * * Cam and I spend the whole of Saturday together, driving around town in her car, picking up balloons, snacks, barbecue food, cups, and decorations from various shops. We stopped for lunch and both ordered soup and grilled cheese sandwiches. I give her a