sharing yet another set of walls with Wyn Connor. He’s become my best friend the way the others did: bit by bit, sand passing through an hourglass so slowly, it’s impossible to pin down the moment it happens. When suddenly more of my heart belongs to him than doesn’t, and I know I’ll never get a single grain back. He’s a golden boy. I’m a girl whose life has been drawn in shades of gray. I try not to love him. I really try. 11 REAL LIFE Tuesday USUALLY ON TUESDAY we take a day trip to Acadia National Park, the most beautiful place I’ve ever seen and, perhaps more importantly, the location of our favorite popover restaurant. I’ve been dreaming about fluffy, strawberry-slathered rolls for weeks, but now all I want is to climb into a cool, dark hole with a barrel full of Tums and a two-liter bottle of ginger ale. After a quick stop home to change, hydrate, and pee, we repack the cars with picnic supplies. The process of getting everyone and everything out the door is like herding cats on acid. Like the cats are on acid, and the cat shepherd is also on acid. Right as Parth returns from using the restroom, Kimmy realizes she forgot her sunglasses and darts back inside. Sabrina says, “Do you think the first two hours of their days on the farm are Cleo sending Kimmy back into the house for every individual item of clothing she’s forgotten to put on?” “And once more when she accidentally puts her pants on her head,” Cleo calls from down by the cars. “That’s not an accident, babe,” Kimmy says, barreling back outside. “I’m just waiting for the day you finally embrace my forward-thinking approach to fashion.” “Wear whatever you want,” Cleo says. “I’m more concerned with what’s underneath.” “Awh!” Kimmy kisses the side of Cleo’s neck. “I don’t know if you’re being lascivious or sentimental, but either way I’ll take it.” Sabrina slaps her forehead. “The wine. Can you run down to the cellar and grab it?” “Pick anything pink or white?” I guess. She shakes her head. “It’s the Didier Dagueneau Silex from 2018. You mind?” “It’s not that I mind,” I say. “It’s just that I recognized very few of those words.” “Silex,” she repeats, jogging her multiple tote bags up her shoulders. “It says that on the label, followed by Didier Dagueneau, and you’re looking for the 2018. It’s a white.” I drop my own bag inside the door as I double back. The door to the wine cellar sits ajar, the lights already on. Allegedly, there are bottles worth twenty thousand dollars down there. Hopefully none of those also starts with Silex and ends with eau. As I descend, a faint rustling rises to meet me. At the bottom of the steps, I round the corner and stop short at the sight of Wyn, limned in the soft golden overhead lighting like some tortured fallen angel as played by James Dean. “Silex something-something?” he says. “Sabrina must’ve forgotten she’d