sis.” * * * A few hours go by and the cramps subside, but the ache is still there. I’m staring at Nia’s number when a message comes through. Ben I know we said we’d see each other tomorrow but can I come over? Work was rough Maddie Yes I get off the floor, clean the bathroom, wash my face, and wait. I think about how to tell Ben, whether I even should tell him, or if I can pretend for a little while longer that my dad is still alive. When Ben knocks on the door, I still haven’t decided, but I’ve barely got the latch off when he bursts through, loosening his tie. “They had to call me in on a Sunday—can you imagine? Incompetence will be that company’s ruin, mark my words,” he says. I immediately want to shrink his presence. To package him up and send him home. “I’m so glad to see you.” He kisses me, slamming the door shut, and presses me up against the wall. He’s heavy, and I can’t feel enough of myself to pull away. He’s had a rough day, and he’s glad to see me. Just like on our cinema date. He’s always glad to see me. I close my eyes and try to sink into his attention, and although rough and hard, there’s a bite to him that I enjoy, or at least need. It’s painful and Ben is sharp and quick with his pleasure. There’s a thin crack in the hallway ceiling that I never noticed before. I briefly wonder if it will suddenly stretch open and bury us both in rubble. I suck in my breath whilst Ben’s escapes in guttural grunts. I’m sore, again. I use the toilet, again. I sit on the bathroom floor, feeling nauseous but enjoying the cold tiles on my skin. Ben must hear me because he knocks and walks in to find me naked with my knees under my chin and my eyes wet, rocking gently with an empty head on tight shoulders, a weightless stomach, and a pressure building in my chest. On the floor of my bathroom in a rented flat is where I tell Ben that my father is gone and he won’t ever come back, and he says the expected: the exclamation to a God he probably doesn’t believe in (I still haven’t found out) and a subtle shift of accountability—he really wishes I’d told him earlier (maybe I should have). Still, I suppose the news was surprising to him, too. But he’s sorry. He’s so, so sorry, Maddie. * * * Ben is very sweet, kind, and delicate when he needs to be and they’re qualities I should be grateful for. He holds me on the bathroom floor for what feels like hours as I explain that although Dad was ill, it was unexpected. Ben kisses my forehead and says, “It will always be unexpected.” He wraps me in his shirt and stays with me until I’m ready to peel myself off the floor and get into bed.