the elbow. And I could snap you in two pieces and all. Mrs. Bone grinned like an idiot, and matched Cook’s pace: slow, slow, slow. * * * “And here’s your room,” said Cook, banging the door open. “You’ll be sharing with Sue.” Mrs. Bone could see an urchin peering at her from the shadows, wide-eyed and holding on to the washbasin for dear life. She looked pale and scaly, wracked by storms. Mrs. Bone felt her skin crawling. She hated sharing a bed. “All right, Sue?” said Cook. “All right,” replied the girl, voice husky. Mrs. Bone disliked the name Sue. It always made her feel edgy, as if there were static in her hair. Her own little girl had been called Susan. She tried to breathe it away. Cook fiddled with the water jug and the pail, straightening them, then straightening them again. “It’s lights-out at eleven, once you’ve put away the irons. Then we lock up.” Mrs. Bone frowned. “Lock up?” Cook was serene, halfway out the door. “We’ll be locking your bedroom doors at night.” Mrs. Bone banged her bag down on the bed. It managed a sorrowful sort of half bounce. “Nobody’s locking me in anywhere,” she said before she could help it. Mrs. Bone could hear bodies moving next door, girls coming in and out of their rooms. The light paused at the tiny window, unwilling to cross the threshold. She looked down at the purple-stained boards and saw grooves in the paintwork, nicks and cuts and spoiled varnish, as if someone had been dragging the furniture across the floor, barring the door. “We’ve had a lot of unpleasantness this month,” said Cook. “And it’s Madam’s orders.” Mrs. Bone could feel her heart thumping slowly, steadily. Madam. She repeated the name in her head. It made her feel the nearness of her own flesh and blood, the presence of Danny in the walls. She looked at the door and thought, He’s got me in a cage. “Well,” she said, with a monumental effort, “if them’s the rules.” Cook wrinkled her nose. “Good. Now put your things away, and report downstairs. Any questions?” Mrs. Bone imagined her prize, the vast booty glittering and clinking in the house beneath her. She pictured herself standing on top of Aladdin’s cave, filled to the brim with treasures. That was all that mattered: not her own memories, her own feelings. She sucked in her cheeks and practically curtseyed. “Oh, no, Cook,” she said. “Everything’s lovely.” 9 On the other side of town, Mrs. King and Hephzibah were holding rehearsals. Rather, Hephzibah was holding them. Mrs. King was there to keep the doors locked and a keen eye out for blabbers. She was glad of the distraction. Knowing Mrs. Bone was inside Park Lane, poking holes in the plan, making up her mind whether to invest or not, was putting Mrs. King on edge. She didn’t like loose threads. “Thank heavens you’re going with Hephzibah,” Winnie had said. “Why?” said Mrs. King. “You’d have a marvelous time. Hephzibah adores showing off for