again as we grew old. The idea of playing nursemaid didn’t appeal, and on top of that, working in the theater is an all-consuming task, where every ounce of your being is devoted to connecting with the close circle of people around you. Then, once that show is up and running, you move on to the next circle. My guess is Peter’s work is like that as well. Throwing yourself into an investigation at the cost of everything else. We couldn’t have made it work, I understand that now. Although—and there’s always an although lurking in the recesses of my mind—I would have loved to share the journey with him. Even ten, twenty, years after we parted, I would hear something said at a party and think, Now, that would make Peter laugh. I suppose your first love is the one that stays with you, especially when it was never consummated. How easy it is to idealize someone when your time together was fraught and short. We were never bored together, never grated on each other’s nerves. It wasn’t real. My own tremor began ten years ago. I was holding the television remote in my right hand when it began moving back and forth. I knew immediately what was going on. After the doctor confirmed that I had Parkinson’s, I spiraled down into a depression. I was a dancer, for God’s sake; my life was about movement, my identity and sense of self were wrapped up in being able to move my limbs and body at will, to have perfect control over my muscles and tendons. I felt such shame at letting myself down. My body was always something that I could depend on, and with Parkinson’s I lost a part of myself. I thought my life was over. The prevailing advice at the time my father was diagnosed was to be careful, that someone with Parkinson’s must move slowly and cautiously to avoid falling. Instead, I fought back with every ounce of my being. I always felt my best when I was training. Even as a choreographer, I made sure to attend regular dance classes to stay in shape and remind myself of the physical demands I was making on my dancers. Doing so made it easier for me to not get frustrated or angry when they couldn’t replicate what I saw in my head. Soon after the diagnosis, I took even more classes. I discovered that when the music began, the Parkinson’s faded away. That was when I knew I was on the right track. I began telling people what was going on, and to my surprise, I was asked to share what I’d learned with others with the disease. I’m in the city at least twice a week now, running workshops, teaching others how to handle their gait and balance issues, how to look at their bodies in a new way. I take the mechanics and format of a ballet class—beginning by standing at the barre and focusing on small movements, eventually building up so the students are striding