nod, she says simply, “Good.” She opens drawers and cabinets, pulling out things I don’t recognize. “This is special large-head atractylodis from Hangzhou,” she says, holding up something brown and dried. “We’re going to soak it in rice water, which will help the healing properties enter Lady Huang’s body through her Spleen and Stomach meridians to dry the Damp, harmonize the Stomach, and prevent miscarriage. Here’s another herb that we’ll prepare in vinegar. It helps to remove toxic Heat, invigorate Blood, and control pain.” I don’t fully comprehend the things she says, but I’m able to follow her directions. She lets me pour the rice water and later the vinegar. She shows me how to gaze into the liquid to judge its strength by the depth of the color. She asks me to hold the sieve as she pours both mixtures into an earthenware pot. I’d like her to tell me more about what the different roots and herbs are and their purpose, but her thoughts are elsewhere. “Having babies is central to every woman’s life,” she says. “But every pregnancy is a crisis of life or death. Will the mother survive and continue to run the household? Will the baby survive to become a descendant?” When we’re done and Inky has taken the formula to Lady Huang, Grandmother directs me to sit across from her. “Your grandfather has spoken about teaching you his medicine. I look at it differently. Your mother died because no male doctor could properly examine or treat her.” She silently taps her fingertips on her thighs, seemingly struggling with what to say. “It is not the custom to teach hereditary medicine to a daughter, who will eventually marry out and take her knowledge with her. Your grandfather’s type of medicine is different. It can be learned from a book, by anyone.” “But you learned, and you married out.” “I did,” she admits, but doesn’t expand on how that came to pass. Her fingers give a decisive thump on her thighs. “I cannot say if you will be a good student or not, but I am willing to teach you my medicine. Doctors, whether male or female, call it fuke—medicine for women. Are you interested?” My mouth spreads into a wide smile. “Yes, Grandmother Ru.” She hands me a small book. “This volume contains formulas and treatments more than two hundred years old. Start by memorizing the first three formulas. Once you can recite them without mistake, you will come to me ready to enumerate the problems for which they are most efficacious and how best to employ them.” I take the book and read the title: Excellent Prescriptions for Women by Chen Ziming. Still beaming, I draw the volume to my chest. “Thank you, Grandmother.” “Don’t thank me yet. When I was your age, I was already helping my parents in their practice. We have much work to do, so stop grinning! Nothing is assured. We will have to see how well you learn. Ultimately, I will decide if you are worthy of absorbing all I know.”