hard place, Lore. The Priest Exalted didn’t give her any choice. It was you, or the whole crew swung.” Behind her, Gabe stiffened. “Swung?” she repeated quietly. Val said it’d been a choice between her or the crew, but Lore thought that meant prison time, fines, maybe the Burnt Isles… “Death for us all,” Mari whispered. She chewed the corner of her lip. “He wanted you, mouse. Badly.” She thought of that first day after Horse, when Anton told her the Church had been watching since she was thirteen, since she first raised Cedric from the dead. Watching, keeping tabs, letting her live a life she thought was free until the rope finally pulled taut. They’d waited until she got older. Until her power over Mortem had matured, grown. Because it had—the stone man in the cart was proof. She wouldn’t have been capable of something like this weeks ago, as if her time in the Citadel had somehow strengthened her ability. Her time in the Citadel, and the slow march toward her twenty-fourth birthday. Instinctually, her eyes darted to Bastian, seeking some kind of strength from the Sun Prince. She didn’t realize Gabe had stepped away, far enough into the warehouse to be out of earshot, until he crossed behind Bastian, pacing like a caged animal. The Presque Mort looked back once, his gaze cutting between her and the other man, before turning away again. A knock at the door. The same pattern Lore had used. Mari went to open it. Val stood on the other side. “Sorry, love, I was…” Val trailed off, mouth staying open and no words coming out, eyes round as she stared at Lore. “Mouse,” she said, and then she rushed forward. Lore didn’t know what to expect. By the wall, Bastian looked ready for a fight—shoulders loose, fists curled. But Val threw her arms around Lore and hugged her tight. Of the hugs they’d shared, it was the longest. Though there’d only been three before this, all carefully cataloged in Lore’s mind, so maybe that wasn’t a fair metric—Mari was the softer one, the mother more likely to give comfort. Still, after the initial moment of being frozen in shock, Lore returned the embrace just as tightly, her anger forgotten in the familiar scent of Val’s hair, the familiar rasp of her shirt against her cheek. “Oh, mouse.” Val’s voice was choked and hoarse. “I’m so glad you’re all right.” Lore didn’t respond. She tucked her chin, burying her face in Val’s shoulder, and hoped the older woman didn’t feel the warm salt seeping through her work shirt. Lore didn’t let herself really cry, though. That was a dam she couldn’t strike just yet; there wasn’t time. She had a better hold on herself when they broke apart, tears drained away, chin steady. “I understand why you did it,” Lore said softly. “I know he’d been watching since… since Cedric. And Mari said he threatened to hang the whole crew.” Val’s eyes were tired. She nodded and ran a hand over the scarf holding her