“No.” “Donna—” “Not any faster than you. Actually breaking it—that’s fiddly. Boring. I’m sure someone can do it. I’m not interested.” “Not interested why?” “Because I’m fucking lazy, Cal. I’m lazy and I’m an addict and I like it that way. It would take days of sobriety. Long enough for my hangover to catch up with me. Long enough to remember all the things I drink to forget. Maybe even long enough that I’ll start thinking about stopping. And it’s not necessary. They’ll be perfectly simple words. Tricksy, maybe, but simple. They’ll be memorable and meaningful. Who hid this and why?” “I’m not sure.” “Did they want it buried forever?” “Very much not.” “Was it someone’s insurance? Were they scared of it getting out before time?” “I think they wanted someone to carry on where they left off. Contingency.” “Then it’ll be guessable, won’t it? All you have to do is be the person they want, not the person they’re hiding from.” “That’s what I wanted the file to tell me.” “Well, then you’re shit out of luck, aren’t you? Buy me another.” “No.” “One more, Cal.” “What do I get?” “My gratitude, of course.” I buy her another because otherwise she’ll cry. Then I go back to the office and send the food order before I forget. I sit at my desk and think about Peter and Lillian until it’s time. * * * — The Heraklion is the biggest tower as you walk along the Chersenesos east shore, the one that gets the sun in the morning. On the west side, where people love sunsets, there’s the Perseid. It’s the same building facing the other way, except that the Heraklion is where Athena has a penthouse. The security is a lot better than it is on my apartment. “She dropped by my place,” I tell Ken the doorman. “Yes, sir,” Ken says. “It was a movie scene. She sat behind my desk. Surprised me.” “That must have been very dramatic, sir.” “I figured I could pay her back. Just head right on up.” “Yes, sir.” “You’re good with that?” “Of course, sir.” “So I can go right on up?” “As soon as she confirms, sir.” There are sixteen Tonfamecasca apartments in this building. Figure Ken has seen some shit. Figure Ken is not remotely interested in mine. I wait for Athena to confirm. * * * — “Come on in, Cal,” she says. She has a shoe in one hand, something from that Portuguese designer, custom-made for her. The heels have to be flared just before the stiletto tip or the weight of her body will put them through most engineered hardwoods. “I’m just getting ready.” “I don’t mean to intrude.” “You’re not. Come on in. I’ve got about forty minutes.” She’s wearing a blue silk thing that looks like she stole midnight and wrapped it around her shoulders. I go to sit down in the living room. “I’m not getting dressed out there, Cal.” “I thought you were done.” “This is a bathrobe. Don’t be an ass, get in