maybe he’s just this side of creepy to manage to track me down. Oh god—I cannot see him again. My heart starts back up with a new, less panicked rhythm when I blink my bleary eyes and see the name: Wyatt Torres. Missed you last night. Just four words and he’s able to take me back to that evening a few weeks ago, desperate kisses and twisted sheets and entry number one on my list of regrets. A list that only seems to keep growing. I flop back onto the pillow, scrolling his social media for photos of the housewarming. There he is with some of our other friends from college, posing in front of an impressive charcuterie board. It looks like a proper, classy AF party for the gainfully employed, nary a Ping-Pong ball or Solo cup in sight. Wyatt, with his job as a reporter at the Tacoma News Tribune. Alyssa, an investigative reporter at a local TV station. Josh, the sole reporter for a twice-weekly newspaper on the Eastside, covering everything from city council meetings to high school football games. We always joked in college that we couldn’t wait to be the age where we could throw mature parties, the kind with hors d’oeuvres and cocktail napkins and wine we hadn’t bought for two dollars at Trader Joe’s. We’d all be award-winning journalists then, sharing anecdotes about our latest stories and bragging about who’d be the first to make the front page. If only we’d known that a digital front page was slightly less exciting. It’s easy to forget that even before that, I wanted to write books of my own, before I realized it was impractical to think I’d be one of the lucky ones who could survive on that alone. I wrote all the time as a kid, stapling together little books with haphazardly doodled covers. Mysteries were my favorite; I loved the thrill of being able to trick the reader (aka my parents or Noemie), dropping what I’m sure were very obvious red herrings and leading them to a conclusion they swore they never saw coming. In hindsight, they might have been lying to protect my fragile preteen self-esteem. Being able to create chaos and then wrap everything up soothed my anxious brain, and there was something innately satisfying about stringing sentences together, to the point where I could hear their rhythm in my head before I typed them out. Nothing beat the pure and utter joy of finding exactly the right word to mean exactly the right thing. That was a long time ago, when you could tell adults you wanted to be an author when you grew up and they’d grin and tell you how creative you were, how smart! But then you got older. Closer to the age you’d need to be when a school printed on a piece of paper the thing you’d committed the last four years of your life to. You have to be a little more realistic, guidance counselors said. Does anyone even make money doing that? your parents