“It’ll work.” “If he can’t help.” “Okay, that.” “If he can’t help, I need to talk to Elaine.” She sighs. “Now, there’s someone who really doesn’t like you.” “Yeah, but that’s fair.” “Why is that fair?” “She’s your mother. She thinks I took advantage of you.” She snorts. “You should try, see what that gets you.” It comes out before I can stop it. “I know what it would get me.” Truth. I do. It would get me a life on the far side of the mirror. It would get me Athena, and everything as it was, but in a penthouse like this one, working for Stefan one way or another. Sooner or later I’d be like all of them, and then a little later so would she. The traitor part of me always asks what would be so bad about being a Titan. Everyone wants it. Why not? But I know the answer: there wouldn’t be anything bad about it at all. Not for me. I could do good things for the little people forever, for as long as I wanted to. One lifetime, perhaps. Not two. Stung, Athena leans down and touches her open lips briefly to mine; not a kiss, but the forerunner, the hanging instant in which you know what’s happening, but it has not yet become thing itself. I taste her breath in my mouth. Then she draws away. “I’ll talk to Maurice. And yes, Elaine too. Now get out of here. You’re testing my resolve.” And mine. I get out. * * * — The voice on the phone is deep and precise. “Mr. Sounder. You know who this is?” I do. “Mr. Nugent.” “Mr. Sounder, I hear there was an unfortunate incident last night.” “Yes. Very unfortunate. I was quite shocked.” “It has caused me some concern. I thought perhaps I wasn’t the only person bidding for your services in this matter.” “Funnily enough, I had a similar concern. I thought maybe you’d reached out to a third party. That would be hurtful.” “Yes, of course, if you had nothing to do with the unfortunate situation now evident, you might well think in that direction.” “Now, your Mr. Zoegar thinks we can’t work together, you and I. Says there’s no trust.” I want to ask him about the genetic file stash, but even assuming he tells me something I don’t know enough to recognise another lie. They say an investigator should never ask a question they don’t already know the answer to, and no doubt that’s hilarious but it doesn’t make any damn sense. “Mr. Zoegar is a cynic, sir. I am an optimist. If I extend you my trust in this matter, will I be disappointed?” “No, Mr. Nugent. I think you will find me extremely effective. But turnabout is fair play. Is there anything you want to tell me about this little commission of yours?” That’s as close as I can get without giving it away. Doublewide doesn’t say anything for the longest time. Figure he actually doesn’t like to break his word,