me get all my things into the trunk and back seat of the car—I’d acquired so much the months that I’d lived in the city, lots of hand-me-downs from the other girls, a couple of fancy dresses I bought with my salary as a Rockette—and then we climbed inside and drove in silence to Bronxville. That was back when he could still drive. His hand shook slightly on the steering wheel, but other than that, you’d never know what was to come. After I’d moved back home, Simon didn’t go out much, as there was nowhere to go and every one of his friends dropped him once the news of his role in the bombing case came to light. There were no criminal charges, thank goodness, but he became a social pariah. For a man who lived on laughter and camaraderie, known for his enthusiastic handshakes when he bumped into a casual acquaintance, a man who remembered everyone’s wives’ and kids’ names, the toll was steep. He withdrew into himself, literally: his hands turned into fists, his shoulders caved in toward his chest, his head tilted forward. Then there were the constant falls, because he refused to use a cane or a walker. Eventually, he was too weak to stand and, although he railed against the idea, finally settled into a wheelchair. All of this took time, of course. That’s the nature of the disease. A slow erosion of independence and freedom of movement. While he wasted away, I found steady work as a choreographer, which helped pay for aides to stay and care for him. One thing I wasn’t going to do was let him get in the way of my career. The show about the early days of Russell’s dance troupe—called Rise of the Rockettes—was a big hit, and I found myself working for other directors, eventually dropping the assistant before choreographer, and getting nominated for my first Tony in 1959. I lost to Bob Fosse but then went on to win three after that. While I officially retired from choreographing five years ago, at the age of fifty, I’m still involved in various projects that bring me into the city and feed my need for movement and grace. Simon passed away after a series of strokes in the late sixties. At that point, I could have moved into the city, but it had changed, and not for the better. New York was more dangerous; there was litter on the streets and graffiti in the subways. By comparison, Bronxville was a paradise, and it remained my home base, even as I worked and traveled the world. With this new book out about the hunt for the Big Apple Bomber, my phone rings with requests for interviews constantly. Everyone had forgotten the terror that one man brought to the city over the course of sixteen years. It had receded into the city’s collective memory, and if you mentioned the name “George Martinek,” you’d get a blank look. I’d allowed the author to interview me for the book, knowing that it was