Do they go to college? Does Edward ever see a dermatologist? Who wins the golden onion? His reply takes a long time to come, but I’m not surprised when it does. JACK: Good. • • • BY THE TIME G REG OPENS THE DOOR , I’ VE WORKED MYSELF UP TO a state of panic. “I thought coming empty-handed would be rude,” I blurt out, “so I grabbed this. Because it was cheap, but not the cheapest.” I hand him the bottle of red wine like it’s a hot potato. “I didn’t notice the name until I got on the bus, and . . .” Greg looks down at the label, which proclaims “Ménage à Trois” in a sexy, flirtatious font. He snorts out a laugh. “I swear, this is not a proposition.” “Noted.” He hugs me, at once new and comfortingly familiar. “I’ll put this orgy invite in the fridge and go finish the food. Make yourself comfortable.” I claw out of my anxiety pit, take off my coat, then make to follow him into the kitchen, when— Jack. For no reason whatsoever, my heart jolts and I cannot breathe. Maybe there’s something wrong with my cardiopulmonary health—is my entire body joining my pancreas and crapping out? Does nothing inside me work anymore? But really, it’s not important. I don’t care. Jack doesn’t care. He stands just a few feet from the entrance, arms crossed, chestnut eyes full of warmth and amusement as he murmurs, “Looks like you and Uncle Paul have something in common, after all.” “I . . . He . . . It’s a misunderstanding.” His mouth twitches. “When you said you wanted to spend the night, I didn’t think you meant here.” I groan, covering my eyes with my hand. And when I feel Jack’s heat, I know he has drifted closer, and I let myself sink into him. “Hey,” he says, lips against my temple, and suddenly everything feels a bit more right in the world. I want to kiss him, desperately, just as desperately as I don’t want his brother to walk in on us kissing in his living room. So I pull back and open my mouth to say the first thing I can think of. Then immediately close it. Am I going insane? Is my brain leaking out from my ears? I can’t say that. I’m not batshit— “Honesty,” he chides gently. Crap. “I . . .” I swallow. Buck up. Take a deep breath. “I missed you.” I rub my forehead. “God, I’m such a weirdo.” He nods slowly, as though mulling it over. Then offers, “I went to campus today to get work done. Instead I kept wondering how buck wild it would be if I asked you to move in.” I let out a surprised laugh. “You’re a weirdo, too.” “Yeah.” “Have you ever . . . ?” “Nope. Total first.” “What’s wrong with us?” His eyes hold mine, unyielding. “I think we both know what.” I laugh again. “What?” “Come on, Elsie. You know where we’re going, here.” I