softest breads. “I’m always much too busy for that sort of thing.” Margret blinked. “Then—then there’s never been anyone you fancied?” “Oh, of course,” I said, much relieved that the subject had shifted from Wendell. “There was Leopold—he and I were together a year. We were studying for our doctorates at Cambridge at the same time. He went away to Tübingen afterwards on a fellowship. He asked me to come along, but obviously it was out of the question.” Lilja waited, as if expecting me to go on. “And—that’s it?” When I looked at her blankly, she seemed embarrassed and said, “That’s it. I see.” Margret was not so tactful. “One? That’s it? I’ve been with more men than that, and I don’t even like them. And you’re—” She squinted, clearly attempting to assess my age—the furrow in her brow boded an unfavourable conclusion. Lilja elbowed her. “I suppose I’m just—” I thought it over. “Choosy.” Lilja smiled. “Choosy. I like that.” Margret leaned back with a snort of laughter. “I wish this one had been a little more choosy before I came along.” Lilja kicked her. “Rude.” “You know what else is rude?” Margret leaned towards me. “Burning down a stranger’s barn on account of a broken heart.” “Erika didn’t burn down your barn!” Lilja said. “It’s still standing.” “Thanks to the rainstorm, not her.” To me, Margret added, “Lilja has a habit of romancing madwomen.” “I do not!” “Either that or you turn them mad, then. I suppose I’ll be locked up in due course. Perhaps after I set the village alight.” Lilja threw a tea towel at her. It had the cadence of an old argument, and I found myself laughing along with them. After tea, Margret again invited me down to the tavern, growing quite insistent, in a good-natured way, when I refused. After glancing at me, Lilja put a hand on her arm. “That’s all right,” she said. “We should be getting home anyway. My mother likes us to help with the supper.” She paused. “Why don’t I come round tomorrow for another lesson? I think with a little more instruction, you’ll be a natural. If you can fit it in among your research?” I assured her that I could—I was surprised by how much I’d enjoyed the experience, as well as their company, particularly as it had not involved the company of a dozen others. She gave me another warm smile, and she and Margret departed. 26th November I spent most of the day poring over my notes and rereading my journal, unable to focus on either the paper or my encyclopaedia, still beset by the certainty that I was missing something. I turned eventually to my books, in particular those collections of ancient faerie stories in various iterations that dryadologists love more than anything to debate—which version should be given primacy; whether similar tales told in differing regions share a primogenitor. Bambleby had absconded again, and I was left to my fretting until past midday, when there came a knock on the door. Expecting Lilja