“Are you cold, Mr. Samson?” He glanced down at himself. He had removed his coat, revealing another beneath it. “Aslaug and I are always cold. It never leaves us, not even in midsummer.” I had my notebook out, and was scribbling my initial observations. Part of me was aware of how hard-hearted I must have seemed, but I was too caught up in my scientific interest to worry over it, and in any case, Mord did not appear offended by me. I took a step towards the stairs. Immediately, they transformed. Each stair became a gaping mouth, glittering with teeth and furred with a wolf’s dense pelt. A bitter wind funnelled into the room, smelling of snow and pines. The wolves snarled and snapped at the hem of my coat. I turned to Mord. He had started back in horror, but there was a dullness to it, and he did not cower long. “You see such visions often?” I said. He blinked. Annoyance came into his eyes, and he frowned at me as if expecting pity. His face softened when he encountered only dispassionate interest. “I know they aren’t real,” he said. “I see.” I thought about living in such a place, beset by such violent illusions. I thought about days following days, and years following years. “Mr. Samson,” I said, “would you bring me an iron nail and a little salt?” He blinked but went to fetch what I had requested. When he returned, I asked him if the small coat I had spied hanging on a hook on the door was his son’s. He nodded. “Thank you,” I said, and I placed the coat in my backpack. “I’ll return it, I promise.” I mounted the stairs. Mord drew in a sharp breath. He did not follow me, which was just as well. I would have stopped him. Shadow padded alongside me as wolves champed at my ankles. I could see the stairs through the illusion, and Shadow could not see the illusion at all —at least, I think he cannot see fae illusions. I suppose it is possible that he sees them but is indifferent. In the attic I found a little bed and a cosy rug of undyed wool. Upon the bed sat a boy, pale as moonlight on new snow. I stopped short, for the creature was nothing like the changelings I have encountered before—ugly, spindly things to a one, with the brains of animals. The boy’s long hair was bluish and translucent, and upon his skin was a glimmer like frost. He was beautiful, with an uncanny grace, his eyes sharp with intelligence. A distant part of me was struck by how much he reminded me of Bambleby. Though they looked nothing alike, there was a kinship that I could not put my finger on, which was perhaps more absence than feature, a lack of something coarse and mundane that characterizes all mortals. My stomach twisted at the realization that this creature was the first of the courtly fae I had ever questioned. I was uncertain if