red hair, do you think he blushes everywhere? chapter fifteen DENVER, CO Finn with you? Just got a call from con staff and he was supposed to check in twenty minutes ago. Not picking up his phone, either. I frown down at the text from Joe Kowalczyk, Finn’s manager. I’m in the hotel lobby, waiting for Finn to come downstairs so we can head to the convention center for Rocky Mountain Expo. He hasn’t answered the text I sent earlier this morning, either, the one about how apparently at this hotel, continental breakfast means plain yogurt and an unripe banana. I just assumed he ignored it because it wasn’t exactly thrilling commentary. Despite my debilitating millennial fear of phone calls, I call him. No answer. That’s odd. When we checked in last night, his room was right across the hall from mine. He seemed tired, which was fair, given we’d opted to go up five flights of stairs to our floor. A reasonable trade-off for waiting behind a family getting onto the elevator with their eight suitcases. He said he was turning in early, and I guess it wouldn’t be strange if he slept in, even unintentionally. Although my anxiety helpfully informs me there are a number of accidents that could befall him alone in a hotel room, several of which are now parading through my mind. The elevator isn’t fast enough, so I take the stairs again. Out of breath, I knock on the door gently at first. Probably too gently. “Finn?” I say, and then wait. Nothing. Surely, he’s just in the bathroom. Or still sleeping. Definitely not lying on the floor unconscious. No need to panic. Except the not-panic pitches my voice even higher as I start banging on the door. “Finn? Are you in there?” I must be knocking so loudly that I don’t hear anyone come to the door, and when it gives beneath me, I stumble forward. It takes a few moments for me to regain my balance as I bring my eyes up to his. And there he is, face half-hidden by the comforter he’s draped around himself like some kind of sad wizard. “Just need a few more minutes,” he rasps out before turning around and plodding back to the bed. The room is a mess, his suitcases spilling over in the middle of it. “Oh—you’re sick,” I say quietly. “I’m fine. Like I said, I just need a few more minutes.” At that, he lets out a full-body shiver. “Is it cold in here, or is it just me?” A laugh gets stuck in my throat because he is very much not fine. “Yeah, no. We’re going to cancel. You should get some rest.” He glances back at me, hair askew, face ashen. He really does look miserable. Stars: they’re just like us! “But all those people . . . they’re counting on me. I made a commitment.” “They’ll understand,” I say. “These things happen. Don’t tell me you’ve never taken a sick day before.” The way he looks at me, I wonder