But at the same time, you can’t keep me safe by locking me up. Not when I’m finally finding my way in the world.” “I miss you.” Her eyes burned. “I miss you, too.” “Nathaniel comes over every few days, we have a drink together,” said Simon. “He’s a good man.” A better son than she was a daughter. “Listen, I’ve been working with the police on the case, trying to help them catch the bomber. A friend of mine who’s a doctor is consulting as well.” Simon’s eyes registered surprise. “A Rockette and a doctor consulting with the police? I would say that’s the least likely duo to crack the mystery of the Big Apple Bomber if ever I saw one.” Her defenses rose, but she kept her voice even. “Well, the doctor is good at understanding people’s motivations, figuring out what kind of person would do such a thing. And I saw the man sitting next to Judy, so I’m helpful in that capacity. Recently, an usher from the Paramount actually spoke with the bomber, right before the last incident. The police made a sketch and ran it by me. It’s definitely the same guy.” “Well, I suppose that’s progress. Although I really don’t like you meddling in the investigation. Not one bit.” “I’m helping, not meddling. The police are saying that they believe the bomber might have worked for Met Power in the 1930s, something about his age and when the bombings started. I thought maybe your office could help them narrow down the suspect list.” “We’ve given them access to all the employee files we have. Unfortunately, they only go back as far as 1940.” He was trembling, even though the night air was warm and there wasn’t even a hint of wind. “Why is that?” “There was a warehouse fire that destroyed some of the records.” He shoved his hands into the pockets of his cashmere overcoat. “I’m amazed we have as many as we do, to be honest. Judy and I had been working hard to create a system where employee information could be easily accessed, but it’s not easy when Met Power has been supplying electricity to New York since—” She finished the sentence for him. “Since 1882, when they served fifty-nine customers in a square-mile area in lower Manhattan.” Simon laughed. “I guess I’ve said that before?” “A few times.” “Did you know the Rockettes began in 1925 in Missouri?” His smile vanished. “That’s a new one for me.” “I love how proud you are of what you do,” said Marion. “And I feel the same way about being a Rockette.” “I understand your point. But it’s not safe. I’ve been getting all kinds of calls from reporters, from kooks, since it happened. They know who Judy was, who I am. I have no doubt they know who you are. Yet you’re out there on a stage in front of thousands of people, putting yourself completely at risk.” “I’m being careful. Hopefully there will be a break in the case soon.” “I hope so,