he spots me, giving me a nudge of his chin in hello but never quite making eye contact. “Thanks for inviting me over.” I don’t love the way my stomach swoops when I see him, with his shaggy black hair that hangs to his shoulders, full lips that are now intimately acquainted with my body. I spent so many years dreaming of him—this guy who was just as passionate about journalism as I was. Or at least, as I thought I was. He was even laid off from The Catch at the same time, then managed to snag a coveted reporter job at the Tacoma News Tribune. I thought that shared layoff would bring us closer together. And I guess it eventually did, before what happened in August pushed us all the way apart. I can’t deny that’s some of the appeal of skipping town. Instead of confronting this mess of awkward, I’ll simply put a couple thousand miles between us. By the time I come back, I won’t be hung up on him at all. “Yeah, no, of course.” I force a laugh as Wyatt scratches at his elbow. Yeah, no: the mantra of the chronically anxious. See also: no, yeah. “It’s good to see you.” Noemie shoos us out of the kitchen, so we make our way to the living room, where Wyatt pretends to be deeply entranced by the gallery wall above the couch and I spend far too much time selecting carrots and celery sticks from the platter on the coffee table. It feels like the night we slept together happened months ago with how much distance it’s created. I was just so convinced we were a good fit. Sophomore year, when there was an outbreak of lice on my floor but he’d promised to quiz me for our journalism ethics class—I kept mixing up court cases—he told me he didn’t care, that he’d come by my room to help anyway. Of course, he wound up infested, too. There is nothing that bonds you quite like having nits picked out of your hair together at a treatment center called Lice Knowing You, and maybe that shouldn’t have made me like him more, listening to him crack jokes while we tried our best not to scratch at our scalps, but somehow it did. He was selfless and he was smart, and I dreamed of us becoming the next journalism power couple. An Ephron and Bernstein for the modern age. Minus the affair. He knows my past, my whole past, and he’s never judged me for it. When I had an abortion junior year, he dropped off a heating pad and takeout gift card at my apartment. I’ve never had to explain it to him, the way I want to in new relationships, which means no worrying over the right timing. Because even though it’s a choice I’m glad I made, it doesn’t make me any less anxious about telling someone for the first time. Part of me has always been scared that I won’t find someone who knows me