a corkscrew in your pocket at ten thirty in the morning?” “No,” he says, “I’m just happy to see you.” “Hilarious.” His eyes steadily hold mine as he sets the wine bottle into his boot and smacks the whole arrangement against the wall. I yelp. “What are you doing?” He drives the boot against the wall again three more times. On the last hit, the cork leaps up the bottle’s neck a half inch. With another two quick snaps against the wall, the cork pops out entirely. Wyn lifts the open bottle toward me. “I’m concerned that you know how to do that,” I say. “So you don’t want any.” He takes a swig. As the bottle lowers, his eyes dart over his shoulder, toward the alcove under the stairs. Heat swiftly rises from my clavicles to my hairline. Don’t go there. Don’t think about that. I know it’s ill-advised, but a part of me is desperately hoping there’s something to the whole hair-of-the-dog school of treating hangovers when I grab the bottle and take a sip. Nope. My stomach does not want that. I pass it back to him. “Parth taught me that trick,” he says. “I’ve never needed to use it before now.” “Oh, you haven’t found yourself imprisoned with any other jilted lovers in the last five months?” He snorts. “Jilted? Not exactly how I remember it, Harriet.” “Maybe you have amnesia,” I suggest. “My memory’s fine, Dr. Kilpatrick, though I do appreciate the concern.” As if to prove his point, his eyes dart toward the nook under the stairs again. He can’t be seeing someone. He’d never go along with this act if he was. Wyn may be a flirt, but he’s not disloyal. Unless he’s in something brand-new? Not officially exclusive? But if it were brand-new, then would he have already reached comfortable-relationship status? The little so-called clues could just as easily be random bits of information I’m jamming together to tell a story. But that doesn’t mean he isn’t seeing anyone. The bottom line is, I have no idea what’s going on in his life. I’m not supposed to. He takes a few more sips. I guess it doesn’t do the trick for him either, because within minutes, he’s pacing. He rakes his hands through his hair as he walks in circles around the space, sweat brimming along his forehead. “If only you’d brought your coffee-table book.” Wyn looks abruptly back at me, eyes sharply appraising. “Then we’d have something to look at,” I say. His brow arches, tugging on his lip. “What do you have against my coffee- table book, Harriet?” “Nothing.” “Did you suffer some kind of coffee-table-book-related trauma in the last five months?” “That thing cost sixty dollars,” I say. He shakes his head, goes back to pacing. “Is it a gift?” I say. “Why would it be a gift?” he says. Not an answer. “Because you never spend that kind of money on yourself,” I say. The tops of his cheeks flush a little, and I really, really regret asking now. We