told is that finding a suitable replacement has been a problem.” “Is the patient . . .” I pause. I can’t say difficult, even though it’s the word I most want to use. “In need of specialized care?” “I don’t think the trouble is her condition, as delicate as it might be,” Mr. Gurlain says. “The issue, quite frankly, is the patient’s reputation.” I shift in my seat. “Who’s the patient?” “Lenora Hope.” I haven’t heard that name in years. At least a decade. Maybe two. Hearing it now makes me look up from my lap, surprised. More than surprised, actually. I’m flabbergasted. An emotion I’m not certain I’ve experienced before. Yet there it is, a sort of anxious shock fluttering behind my ribs like a bird trapped in a cage. “The Lenora Hope?” “Yes,” Mr. Gurlain says with a sniff, as if offended to be even slightly misunderstood. “I had no idea she was still alive.” When I was younger, I hadn’t even understood that Lenora Hope was real. I had assumed she was a myth created by kids to scare each other. The schoolyard rhyme, forgotten since childhood, worms its way back into my memory. At seventeen, Lenora Hope Hung her sister with a rope Some of the older girls swore that if you turned out all the lights, stood in front of a mirror, and recited it, Lenora herself might appear in the glass. And if that happened, look out, because it meant your family was going to die next. I never believed it. I knew it was just a variation on Bloody Mary, which was completely made up, which meant Lenora Hope wasn’t real, either. It wasn’t until I was in my teens that I learned the truth. Not only was Lenora Hope real, but she was local, living a privileged life in a mansion several miles outside of town. Until one night, she snapped. Stabbed her father with a knife Took her mother’s happy life “She is very much alive,” Mr. Gurlain says. “God, she must be ancient.” “She’s seventy-one.” That seems impossible. I’d always assumed the murders occurred in a different century. An era of hoop skirts, gas lamps, horse-drawn carriages. But if Mr. Gurlain is correct, that means the Hope family massacre took place not too long ago, all things considered. I do the math in my head, concluding that the killings were in 1929. Only fifty-four years ago. As the date clicks into place, so do the final lines of the rhyme. “It wasn’t me,” Lenora said But she’s the only one not dead Which is apparently still the case. The infamous Lenora Hope is alive, not so well, and in need of care. My care, if I want the assignment. Which I don’t. “There’s nothing else available? No other new patients?” “I’m afraid not,” Mr. Gurlain says. “And none of the other caregivers are available?” “They’re all booked.” Mr. Gurlain steeples his fingers. “Do you have a problem with the assignment?” Yes, I have a problem. Several of them, starting with the fact