a buffer. “I feel like there’s something else,” he says. “Something you’re not telling me.” I whirl around, meeting his eyes, increasingly frustrated by how casual he sounds. If he knows I have feelings for him, he’s apparently going to make me spell them out. “You want to know what I’m not telling you? Fine. I hate thinking about you with someone else, even though that’s the whole point of this—so you can be good for the next person. And I just . . .” Want to be the next person so badly. “Forget it. It’s stupid.” He’s just looking at me, features inscrutable. “I agree. We should stop the lessons.” I’m not expecting him to acquiesce so quickly. To just sever this connection between us. The shock of it is an instant gust of cold air, a painful clenching of my heart. But then he steps closer, a hip pressing against mine. “Because those lessons imply that what’s happening between us isn’t real. That it’s just practice. And that’s not true.” A soft smile, his expression changing into one I’ve seen on TV but never directed at me. “It’s felt real to me for a while now.” “It—has?” His eyes crinkle at the edges. “Chandler. Were you not there when I was waxing poetic about all the different expressions your face makes? Haven’t you realized that I want to touch you . . . pretty much all the time? I’ve tried a hundred times to give you a hundred different hints.” And he has, hasn’t he? I’ve been too stuck in my head to see them for what they are. “But you don’t date outside of Hollywood,” I say dumbly, as though this will negate everything he’s confessed so far. “Yeah. Until now.” A slow shake of his head. “I haven’t stopped thinking about you since we left New York. You’re one of the most interesting people I’ve ever met, and I’m not sure you realize it. You’re driven and loyal and compassionate, and Jesus—you’re so beautiful, it makes my heart hurt to look at you sometimes.” He pauses, swallows hard, and even though I’m not the one talking, I’m left struggling to catch my breath. I want so badly to reach out and touch his face, to see if his reddened cheeks would be warm against my fingertips. “We could have spent this entire trip in bed, and it wouldn’t have been enough. We could have spent it just talking, twenty-four hours a day, and I’d still want to hear your voice,” he says. “I’ve felt this way for a while. At least since Memphis.” A laugh slips out as he mashes a fist on the countertop. “Hell, I told you I had a crush on you!” “While you were high on DayQuil!” I say, and then more softly: “You remember that?” He steps closer, a whisper of space between us. “I remember everything,” he says, rich hazel eyes never leaving mine. He is so open, so vulnerable, and it’s making me fall even harder. “I thought it would pass.