face scrunches up. “What?” I ask. “You okay?” “Yeah, I just—You have fake blood all over you, and your skin is sticky as hell.” I look down at myself, and I’m a complete mess. I have a tendency to forget about anything else in Bezi’s presence. “Sorry,” I say. “It’s just a little corn syrup.” I kiss her again. “Well, maybe it’s not such a big deal,” she says against my neck. I wrap my arms around her, kissing her, running my hands along the slopes and curves of her frame, and then there’s a knock at the door. Bezi huffs as I pull away and yank the door open. Paige is standing there, arms crossed, an angry scowl drawing down the corners of her mouth. “This heffa Tasha booted me out of our cabin so that she and Javier can be alone,” she says through gritted teeth. I stick my head out the door to see Tasha staring back at me from the porch of Cabin #1. “Don’t be mad,” she yells. “I won’t be long.” “The hell?” Javier’s voice echoes from inside. “Whatever,” Paige says, turning back to me. “Can I bunk up with you two? I was gonna ask Porter and Kyle, but I don’t really know them like that.” I usher her inside and close the door, making sure it’s locked. Bezi kisses me on the cheek. “Later.” “I know I’m messing up y’all’s plans,” Paige says. “I’m sorry, but I’ll be damned if I sleep in a cabin alone tonight.” I squeeze her arm. “You’re not messing up anything. Tasha is acting real foolish right now. Not judging, but Javi does not discriminate. He runs through random hookups like serial killers run through camp counselors.” Bezi and Paige both grimace. I put my hands up. “Like I said, not judging. I don’t think either of them is really serious about the other. They’re just having fun.” “They put me out like I was supposed to just sleep outside,” Paige says. “They having fun and I’m in the woods. That’s nice.” She rolls her eyes and shoves her hand down on her hip. “We have a more important issue right now,” I say. “We literally only have one bed in here.” Paige’s gaze flits to the bed, then back to me. “I’ll sleep on the floor. It’s not a big deal.” “No,” Bezi says. “Nobody’s sleeping on the floor. Just curl up at the bottom of the bed. I think we’ll all fit.” She smiles wide. “It’ll be like when we were little. Remember how we used to all sleep on that stank-ass futon in my dad’s basement?” “Oh, man,” Paige says. “I’m pretty sure that mutt y’all used to have pissed on that thing.” “Aye,” Bezi says, shaking her head. “Don’t talk like that about Geneva. She was, like, twenty years old, and she couldn’t control her bladder.” “I’m joking,” Paige says. “Rest in peace, Geneva!” “Those were the best sleepovers,” I say. “Just endless pizza and soda and scary movies. We should not have been watching