is dying. I drag the knowledge that I will lose mine through every day, every moment. And yet the first two months of 2020 are normal compared with what will follow. There are so many things I can and do take for granted, like my children’s health, my family’s safety, our daily routines of work and school, my ability to get on a plane and fly anywhere. I travel to Oregon and back again. I attend a conference at the end of February, around the time my mother begins hospice care: I hug colleagues, shake dozens of hands, eat elbow to elbow with strangers in crowded rooms, not knowing that in a few weeks all of this will feel like a fantasy borrowed from another universe. By March, we can’t go an hour without hearing of another emergency cancellation. Businesses, basketball games, book tours, baby showers—every aspect of life, it seems, has been disrupted by COVID-19. The kids’ schools close. We’re asked to stay home, shelter in place, but when the request comes from overburdened nurses and doctors wearing trash bags instead of the medical-grade PPE they need, it sounds more like a plea. We no longer see anyone outside our immediate household, unless it’s over a screen. My best friend one neighborhood away feels almost as far as my sister in Portland. I stress over which key supplies and shelf-stable foods to buy, stock up on my asthma medicine, and try not to touch my face. I had planned to visit my mother again in mid-March, with a family trip to follow during the kids’ spring break in April. There are no more forms to fill out, no more fraught decisions to make; Mom and I just want to spend more time together while we can. The day before my flight, March 13, I call and say that I’m going to postpone my trip. She agrees it’s probably for the best. “Hopefully this will be over soon, and you and the kids can fly out in a month or two,” she says. I want my children to have at least one more chance to see their grandma. But with each passing day, it’s harder to imagine traveling across the country with them. We know so little about the virus in these early days. Is it airborne? Spread via surfaces? Do cloth masks really help? How badly do kids suffer when they get it? How much risk is compounded if you have coexisting conditions, as I do, or a developmental disability, as my younger daughter does? If one of us picks it up while we’re traveling, will we pass it to my immunocompromised mother, or her hospice nurse, or her other caregivers? At least, I tell myself, Mom’s current risk of exposure is about as low as it gets. She lives in a town of a few thousand people, hundreds of miles from the nearest major outbreak. She and her sister, who recently moved in to care for her, have a handful of masked visitors—a few of my mother’s friends from church,