shoes embroidered by me. They belong to my husband-to-be. I sway, and my sleeve brushes against his sleeve. Instinctively, we both pull away. Still, I’m aware of his presence—the warmth of his body next to mine, his breath nearly as ragged as my own. Then things happen quickly. A voice asks us to bow three times: “The first is in worship to Heaven, Earth, and the revered ancestors of the Yang family. The second is in respect to Master Yang and his wife, Lady Kuo. Now bow to each other to show you will always be loyal and courteous—husband to wife and wife to husband.” With that, I am a married woman. I no longer belong to my natal family; my relatives and ancestors are now entirely of the Yang lineage. Hands take my arms once again, and I’m escorted back outside and through more courtyards, twisting and turning. Perhaps this puzzle of a journey has also been designed to make me feel lost. Finally, I step over a threshold and into a new room. Children laugh and giggle, squeak and squeal. I don’t have to see them to know they’re jumping on my marriage bed—my mother’s bed—to encourage the mattress, linens, and woodwork to bring me the greatest fertility. “Come away now,” a woman’s voice—stern and authoritative—commands. This must be my mother-in-law, because the children obey without a single complaint. I’m guided to the bed. My husband sits next to me. His hands rest on his thighs. They show no signs of work other than holding books or a calligraphy brush. The traditional banter begins as strange fingers tuck red dates in the pleats of my clothes. “Soon you will give birth to many children,” someone says, because the words date and son sound the same. “May your life together be sweet,” another voice calls from across the room, because dates are sweet. “May you have five sons and two daughters.” “May you have a long life and many sons.” “May your stamina never dissipate.” “May your candle never go out.” These last quips for my husband are met with rowdy guffaws, but that’s as far as that sort of teasing goes. Lotus seeds shower down on us. The written characters for lotus seed and children share a radical, while the sound is a homophone for another word meaning in succession. So again, wishing us many children but without intimate teasing about Blood and Essence joining. I’m handed a goblet of wine. A red string is tied around the stem, and it leads to the stem of the goblet held by my husband. Voices cry out. “Drink! Drink! Drink!” I take a single sip, but then a hand pushes on the base of the goblet, tilting it up until I have no choice but to gulp down the rest of the rice wine. It burns as it travels to my stomach. Even as the liquid begins to transform my mind and emotions, a thumb and forefinger lift an edge of my veil. A pair of chopsticks bearing a half-cooked dumpling moves