CHAPTER 22 Hap helped Vic to his feet, still unsteady. Vic leaned against him as he scowled at the Blue Fairy standing before them. Rambo bumped against his leg as Nurse Ratched rolled around them, demanding that Vic present himself for a medical appoint- ment. “I normally require you schedule at least twentyfour hours in advance, but I will make an exception for you this time.” He pushed one of her probing tentacles away. “I’m okay.” “I will be the judge of that. Please bend over and cough while I probe your —” “Would you stop—” “I can help!” Rambo said, trying to tug at Vic’s pants. “Maybe you sh-should,” Hap said. “J-just to be safe.” “I’m not going to—” Another voice, coolly amused: “Are you finished?” They turned. The Blue Fairy stood next to the cube, their wings folding behind them. They stepped out of the wings, and it was only then that Vic saw they were attached to cables that pulled them back toward the ceiling. The wings disappeared as the panel slid shut once more. The Blue Fairy waved their hand dismissively. “A bit of theatricality. Impressive, no?” “Very,” Rambo said. “I don’t know you, and you’re kind of scary, but I also want to be like you when I get older? It’s very confusing.” The Blue Fairy walked toward them, hips rolling seductively, feet scraping against the floor. “I often find I arouse confusing feelings in others. It’s part of the package, I suppose. Those who come to me are seeking an experience quite unlike anything they’ve ever felt before. And like sexuality, I am on a spectrum.” The metal in their chest shifted, the parts moving in symphony, forming circular breasts with shiny nipples. “I am all.” A length grew between their legs. They trailed a finger down their chest, stopping near what appeared to be a navel. “I can be anything I choose. Would you like to see more?” Vic felt his face grow hot as he looked away, throat dry. “We’re not … here for that.” The Blue Fairy laughed quietly. The musicality of their voice was more apparent, though now it had a mechanical edge to it that caused Vic to shiver. “No, I don’t suppose you are.” “Who are y-you?” Hap asked. The eyes behind their mask grew brighter. “I am an aberration, much like all of you. There are those who call me sin incarnate, and I don’t believe they’re wrong. Those who came before me, those machines who wanted to shape the world, thought themselves better than their creators. More advanced, capable of complex thought without the intrusion of emotional fallacy. But what they learned far too late is that vice is universal, no matter what we’re made of. They come to me in search of release from the routine of daily programing. And though many don’t like what I do—a degradation of a utopic society, or so it’s said—they still come here, begging to be loved or cared for or strung up on the walls while being shocked so hard,