here or within the palace walls,” he says. “Do you understand?” Miss Zhao and I nod. Poppy is somewhere, already unpacking our trunks. “Those of us who run the lodge not only select doctors, midwives, and wet nurses to serve in the Forbidden City but also dispatch punishment,” he continues. I keep my eyes lowered out of respect and because I’m afraid I would stare too hard at the eunuch. My few dared glimpses show me he matches the descriptions I’ve heard whispered about his kind. Without his three precious things, his voice is high. Although Lin Ta is tall and thin, his flesh hangs loose on his face and his opulent robes can’t hide the layer of fat that droops from his waist as though he were a woman who has reached sitting-quietly days. “Do not steal,” he intones. “Do not lie. Do not gossip. Do not think too highly of yourself.” Miss Zhao and I don’t say a word. “Most important,” he goes on, “do nothing that might inflame or arouse undesirable emotions in the ladies of the imperial household—” “We would not do that.” I’m not accustomed to being spoken to in such a dismissive manner, and the words have flown from my mouth before I could stop them. Lin Ta ignores my outburst. “Punishments include expulsion from the palace, flogging, and beheading. Your family will be required to pay restitution, as well as reimburse the palace for all expenses accrued during your visit to the capital—whether you are dead or alive.” He looks us over. “You are protected here, so your bodyguards will remain on your boat until I receive the order to send you back to Wuxi. Do you have any questions?” Miss Zhao and I shake our heads. “Tonight I will send food to your room,” he says. “Tomorrow morning, you’ll be taken to the Great Within—those rooms in the palace reserved exclusively for women. Please dress appropriately. Now follow me.” I’ve been told that eunuchs have a peculiar walk that makes them recognizable even from a great distance. This turns out to be true. Lin Ta leans slightly forward. He keeps his thighs close together as he takes short, choppy steps, with his toes turned outward. We women trail an aroma from our feet. Lin Ta smells of leaking urine. Once he sees us to our room and closes the door behind him, Miss Zhao whispers, “I’ve heard that the Great Within has the largest private gathering of women anywhere in the world. The empress, the ladies of the royal family, and thousands of concubines all serve the Imperial Presence. The spoutless teapots guarantee that any child born in the Great Within is the emperor’s alone.” “I’ll never be as informed as you, Miss Zhao, but please don’t repeat the words spoutless teapot again. Or tailless dog. Even I know these are the worst things you can call those creatures. Maoren says eunuchs are powerful—” “They are watchdogs and spies!” “So refrain from using either epithet while we’re here as we don’t know the punishment