embarrassed me before my family.” Their attitude is disappointing, and it reminds me of the case of the servant girl found hanging that Meiling once told me about. That family also tried to protect its reputation and avoid scandal, only to make matters worse in the end. The next day, Poppy helps me dress. While she does my hair and applies my makeup, I drink tea, hoping it will invigorate me. Despite these efforts, the person who stares back at me in the mirror looks wan and lacking in vigor. With so much going on in the household, I haven’t had an opportunity to ask to see Midwife Shi, or Doctor Wong either. I sigh as I rise. I have one last task to complete before I can leave the room. I change my padding and hope it lasts through the inquest. At least I don’t have far to walk. Everyone has gathered in the colonnade of the fourth courtyard, so we can view where the death occurred, as is the custom. The men sit together on the left side of the aisle. The three most important men in the household are together in the front row: my husband to Master Yang’s left and Second Uncle to Master Yang’s right. I haven’t seen the three of them side by side before, and it strikes me how strong Yang blood is in them with their full-moon faces, and identical heights, builds, and even the fall of their hair. I also see Doctor Wong for the first time. He’s not at all as I’d imagined. He’s far younger—in his mid-thirties, with high cheekbones, and perfectly formed brows that draw attention to his eyes. He’s clean-shaven, like my husband, and dressed simply but elegantly. I’m on the right side of the aisle with Lady Kuo and a few of the women who rushed to the courtyard in response to my screams. I see Midwife Shi, but Meiling is not in attendance, although I expected her to be here as part of her apprenticeship. Spinster Aunt lies on a table under a sheet of muslin. From my position, I can see the white orchids that beckoned me three nights ago. A man sits at a small table facing us, with his back to the courtyard. He wears a long robe bearing the embroidered insignia of his rank. A black cap rises high on his head with two wings extending over his ears. A sparse beard covers his chin with two long forks of hair like a serpent’s split tongue reaching down his chest. He begins by introducing himself. “I am Magistrate Fu. I am the sole investigator. I can make an arrest. I also serve as the judge and can pronounce the sentence if wrongdoing is found.” He pauses to regard us. Then he continues, speaking deliberately. “I expect truth, and I will order one of the three accepted methods of torture to assure it—beating with a stick, ankle squeezers for men, and finger squeezers for women—if need be. Those who lie or falsify evidence will