Kenny is very opinionated. He’s Black, wearing a fedora hat and a brightly patterned shirt. How he pulls them both off is a mystery that I highly suspect has something to do with his attention-drawing personality. “That doesn’t mean it was bad,” he says, “but people have shone this ridiculous light on it to blind others into thinking it’s groundbreaking stuff when really? It was just okay. There, I said it.” “You’re absolute garbage, Ken,” Emma says. “Something I have in common with that book.” We laugh and Jo throws crisps at him. “It wasn’t garbage,” he says. “I retract that declaration. Look, I enjoyed it, it was good, but I didn’t love it and I have difficulty believing those of a high literary standard did.” “But didn’t you love how it was written?” I ask, gesturing enthusiastically toward him. A pickle falls out of my burger in the process. “It was so different from all the other bestsellers we’ve been reading recently. It was beautiful and raw and written so…” Kenny smiles. “Sparsely.” “It’s called economical language.” “Aha! And who coined that phrase, dear Madeleine?” Kenny asks. “A group of actual readers or her publicity team who couldn’t think of another way to say: my writer lacks a little imagination.” Jo boos. “She detailed everything without saying much,” Olivia says. “That’s natural talent.” “Says who?” Kenny asks. “All I’m really asking is that we examine these ‘rules’ of good writing.” “The love story was beautiful,” Tinka says. “You have to admit that.” “Fair, that aspect I enjoyed,” Kenny says. “Wait, what?” Olivia says, roughly pushing brown ringlets from her face. She’s Emma’s cousin, but the two couldn’t be further apart. Emma is blond, has an angular face and wears a tight lavender dress and knee-high boots, whereas Olivia showed up with her hair in a topknot, overalls, muddy trainers, and not a scrap of makeup. “That’s what you enjoyed? That was my one problem with it! No teenager feels love that strongly, I’m sorry. All adults agree, teenagers are shit. We didn’t know who to vote for, let alone what real love is.” “Speak for yourself!” Emma says. “I knew to vote Conservative.” “You did what?” Emma holds her palm out to Tinka. “That’s a discussion for another day. Liv, you’re just bitter you’ve never felt it: a love so poignant and true and—” “Excessive?” Olivia offers. “Facetious? The author’s a sensationalist, no question.” “That’s why it’s so popular,” Sam says and I turn to him, having mistaken his silence for disinterest. “Because it described the love we all want but likely won’t have. Love that’s raw and wonderfully painful and all-consuming; intrinsically becoming a part of another person; the subtlety and quietness of their codependence. We won’t admit it, but maybe that’s what a lot of us want. Liv is right—the author plays into that, but it doesn’t diminish the writing. Love is so watered down now, tied to peer pressure and proximity and self-esteem, I think readers enjoyed having it concentrated. It’s a thrill imagining yourself with that capability,