The little character fell to the ground with a bloody smack, his eyes turning to X’s. “Womp womp,” Nurse Ratched said as the screen darkened. “That is exactly what happened. Please do not hold your applause. I need validation.” “You fell?” Dad asked, eyes narrowing. Vic went back to the soldering. “Only a little bit.” An odd note filled his father’s voice. “Did you get hurt? Cuts, scrapes? Did you bleed?” “Why?” Vic asked. “You need more?” The heart—while a marvel of engineering unlike anything else that had been created—sometimes needed more than metal or wiring to function: a drop of blood, pressed against the white strip above the gears. It did not happen often—at most, once a year, but Nurse Ratched never failed to remind them that according to lore, a creature known as a vampire subsisted on the same thing. The last time had been four months before, when Dad had started acting more robotic, more like a machine. Dad said, “Victor.” “Not even nicked,” Vic assured him. Dad nodded, obviously relieved. “Good. And the Old Ones?” Vic shrugged. “You know how it is. They forget I even exist as soon as I leave the Scrap Yards. Out of sight, out of mind.” Dad sighed. “I wish you wouldn’t go there. I told you—” “Should have thought of that before you built this place so close to one. That’s on you. Not me.” “Cheeky git,” Dad said. “Anything worth finding?” “Multi-layer PCB. Looks mostly intact too.” Dad whistled lowly. “That’s rare.” He grimaced again as the wire fused back with the solenoid. Vic was careful with the closeness to the heart. It was a fragile thing. He made sure the wire had cooled enough so it wouldn’t burn the wood before setting it back gently where it belonged. “See?” Vic said. “Nothing to it. You should have let me take care of that a long time ago.” “Noted,” Dad said. He tapped against his breastbone once more, and the hatch slid closed. The seams filled. Vic rose to his feet as Dad dropped his shirt back down. “I need you to be careful, though. You can’t take chances that put you in danger.” Vic sighed as he went back to the work bench. Beryl Davis was singing in a crackly voice about what a fool she used to be. “I can take care of myself.” It was a conversation they’d had time and time again. He doubted it would be the last. He held onto the soldering iron, waiting for it to cool. “You can,” Dad agreed quietly. “But that doesn’t mean you’re not breakable. If the Old Ones got ahold of you—” “They won’t. I’m quicker than they are. Smarter too. They’re machines.” “As am I.” Vic winced. He hadn’t meant it like that. He sometimes spoke without thinking things through, though he was trying to get better at it. “You know what I mean. They’re not—they have their programming. They’re guided by it, and can’t leave the Scrap Yards.” “They’re still dangerous, Victor. And the sooner you realize