disaster ends and she is promoted. “Your kids, your husband, they are your ship now,” Nicole says. “They’re your priority. Even though it’s the hardest thing, and it’s so unfair, because your mother is dying and there’s a fucking pandemic and none of this should be happening. You do what you need to do to save the ship.” * * * My kids, I find, are what I cannot risk. Mom is aware that I’m wrestling with the decision of whether to travel. She’s torn, because of course she wants us to visit. But she’s also been following the news, if not as obsessively as I have. She says she’ll understand no matter what I decide. I’m grateful to know she doesn’t blame me for wanting to protect her and my children. But I already know what it is to blame myself for distance, for time missed. For months now, we’ve gotten nothing but terrible news, but at least until the pandemic we were able to see each other. I thought we would get more visits, more time together—the time I didn’t get with Dad. I thought I’d be beside her when she died. Now I don’t know if I will ever see her again. 19 Things I send to my mother while she is dying Letters and cards Flowers Watercolor artwork and comics drawn by my kids A small Christmas tree in a ceramic pot, with decorations All the good Jane Austen film adaptations I can find on DVD that she doesn’t already own The complete Slings & Arrows The complete Miss Fisher’s Murder Mysteries The complete Poirot All the Harriet Vane/Peter Wimsey novels Most of Helen Mirren’s film oeuvre A new tablet to replace her old one, with Skype preinstalled An Oregon sunstone necklace Warm socks Nice hand lotion Good coffee Chicken soup and rolls Pears Chocolate babka Chocolate-chip cookies Mother’s Day tulips A new knee brace 20 I know, on days when she gets angry, that she is not really angry with me. She is grieving for her mother. She is grieving for herself. Despite her faith in God’s mercy, the existence of heaven, the promise of seeing my father again, she wants to live. She still has some good days, but she has more and more hard ones. One night, she has a fall that leaves her with a bruise on her forehead, and when I call her, she sounds confused and furious. I don’t understand what’s wrong with me. I don’t know why this is happening. Soon, she can’t text or write emails anymore. The very last text she sends me, in mid-April, is about her plan to visit my grandmother’s grave. The last email is a couple of lines asking what the kids might want for Easter, because she’s determined to keep sending them gifts and treats. From then on, we have only phone calls or video calls. But they’re not always easy to coordinate, and sometimes she cannot easily follow the conversation; it’s the brain tumor, her nurse tells me, as well as the pain