for someone else. Though dreams of escape had long held me in thrall, I missed my parents when I spent any considerable length of time away from them, and my mom was the person I most wanted to talk to at the end of the day. I’m sure plenty of people who knew me were surprised that such a homebody only child had set her sights on a life three thousand miles away. It would be years before I would understand that she was the one, all along, who had been preparing me to go. Who wanted me to have the choice. I think of those late-afternoon talks with her now that I have my own children, knowing that the days of both of them falling asleep in their rooms down the hall from mine are dwindling; that a time will come when something trivial or life changing will happen to them—they will be hurt, or caught by surprise, or find that they are happier than they have ever been—and I will not be the first person they tell. That might be why I sometimes let them stay up past bedtime chatting with me or getting silly with each other, why even the brightest moments on the best of days can crack my heart wide open. But then sometimes I think, well, no matter where they go, no matter how far apart we are, maybe I will always be someone they think to call, someone they want to talk to, because my mother is far beyond my sight, beyond the reach of my voice, and not a day goes by when I don’t think of something I wish I could tell her. 2 My mother could barely carry a tune, but she loved music, and she loved watching me sing. At choral concerts, musicals, voice recitals, I would seek and find her in the crowd, sitting somewhere toward the center of the room with her eyes fixed on me. Even if I sang with a hundred others, she would insist that she could pick out my voice. The trick is to look at you while you sing. As long as I can see you, I can hear you. The only performance she ever missed was the fall choir concert of my freshman year of high school, because she was at home recovering from a single mastectomy. She was diagnosed with breast cancer a few weeks before she turned forty-four. I remember my parents’ shock, which I saw in the tense lines of their faces, sensed in the guarded speech and absence of levity at home. We did not talk about my mother’s illness as a family, except in terms of facts and scheduling: her surgery was this day; she would be discharged from the hospital on this day; she would stay home from work until this day. Compared with later crises that would unfold over months or years, the timeline of her first battle with cancer feels remarkably compressed, little more than a blink in my memory. She was diagnosed after finding