everything really is so great, he keeps our talk about the book surface-level for the rest of dinner, rehashing today’s panel with slumped shoulders and forced laughter. All that confidence he had at the con—in a single conversation, I’ve put a dent in it. Because I think he might be embarrassed. “I’m beat,” he says when the server swings by with the check. “Think I’m going to head back to the hotel, rest up for tomorrow. You want to share an Uber, or do you have other plans?” “Oh—” I break off, trying to process this sudden tone shift. “Uh, no. I can go back.” I really couldn’t have just laughed it off and continued forgetting about it, the way we decided to do in Seattle. Maybe he’s putting on a brave face, but he’s a white man who’s had a modest level of fame—his ego is probably irrevocably shattered. Because I am a complete fucking idiot. During our small talk–laden drive back to the hotel—“look, the moon”—“wow”—it hits me with a stark, painful clarity. He’s going to fire me. MTV NEWS WEEKEND HIGHLIGHTS Finn Walsh, TV’s sexiest nerd, celebrated his twenty-first birthday at The Spot in Hermosa Beach with onscreen love interest and off-screen girlfriend, Hallie Hendricks. When asked about his plans for this milestone birthday, Walsh told us he probably wouldn’t be out very late. “Nothing too wild,” he said, grinning at Hendricks. “Just cozying up on the couch with a movie and my favorite person.” Hendricks, looking stunning in a deep green halter dress, kissed his cheek. “He’s just too good for this world, isn’t he?” The two have been inseparable since season 2 started airing, rarely seen in public without the other. When asked if there might be wedding bells in their future, Walsh laughed. “Nah, we’re too young for that,” he said. “Right now, we’re just having fun.” chapter eight PORTLAND, OR The Nocturnals changed my life. You changed my life. I’ve seen the whole show nine times, and I have all the original DVDs. And I actually majored in biology because of you.” The girl’s shirt says I’d Much Rather Be Unusual, which, from what I can understand, became something of a catchphrase for the show. Hux said it for the first time in season one, and then later repeated it to Meg when she insisted he find someone else so he could have a chance at a normal relationship. Finn smiles, swooping his signature over the photo while a staff member collects the girl’s $125. “I’m honored,” he says earnestly. “Thank you so much. Do you have a favorite season?” “Three, definitely,” she says. “When you and Meg were trapped in that snowstorm, and she had to protect you from that rival wolf pack . . . I rewatch that scene at least once a month.” “That might have been the coldest I’ve been in my entire life.” He passes back the autograph, then gets up for the photo. “One hundred percent worth it, though.” “Thank you, thank you, thank you,” she says, squealing as