riddance. The worst of it, though, was actually the last season of The Nocturnals, when we knew we weren’t getting renewed. I was so anxious about booking the next job because everyone else had things lined up and I didn’t. I was putting so much pressure on myself, and I’d just bought a house I didn’t know whether I’d be able to keep paying for, and the only thing it felt like I could control was how clean it was. I’d get stuck in these horrible cycles, scrubbing down the house, returning sets of dishes I’d just bought because I swore the box smelled weird when I opened it up, constantly running laundry because nothing ever seemed clean enough. And then my energy bill went way up and that only added to the stress. I knew I needed to do something, but I didn’t know where to start. It wasn’t until after the finale aired that I started getting help. Hallie was the one who suggested it, actually.” “That’s great,” I say, meaning it. “I’ve been in therapy, too. For generalized anxiety disorder. I think I’ve probably had it most of my life, but I didn’t start seeing someone until my midtwenties. I haven’t gone in a few months—though maybe I should?—but I fucking love therapy.” He nods. “So you get it.” “Not all of it—but some of it.” Then something occurs to me. “What about sex? If that’s okay to ask—since there’s obviously, well, a lot of touching involved.” “Worked on that a lot in therapy, too,” he says. “Oral sex was a bit of a hurdle at first, but I haven’t had any issues with it for years.” “If you’re not comfortable, we definitely don’t have to—” “No. I want to. Even if my skills are, uh, lacking at the moment . . . I love doing it.” His voice is so earnest. I swallow hard, wondering if there really is something inherently horny about a Hilton DoubleTree that I failed to take into account. I know plenty of men enjoy going down on a woman, but to hear him admit it so casually . . . Fortunately, he changes the subject before I can linger on it. “This is why it didn’t work out with those other ghostwriters,” he says. “I didn’t feel entirely at ease with them—not to the point where I could open up about this. And I’m much better than I used to be. I can go to restaurants, though I never use my hands for anything—that’s something I’ve been working on in therapy lately. I try to avoid public bathrooms, if I can help it, but I’m not running out to buy new sheets every other month like I used to. It’s mostly low level, manageable, but sometimes high-anxiety situations . . . they exacerbate it.” Then he lets out a laugh. “And lucky you, you seem to be nearby during most of them. It’s not something I tell everyone,” he says. “What about you?” “Sometimes. Depends on how close we are.” I regret the