and that means I am too. I’m here because somebody has to bear witness. Somebody has to remember. I touch the jagged scar that runs across my abdomen. Six surgeries later and things still aren’t the same, but the scars remind me that what happened to me and to Charity and everyone else was real. Sometimes it seems so much like a nightmare that I wonder if one day, I’ll wake up and find that it was all just an awful dream. Now I’m the final girl. A title I took from Charity—one I wish almost every day I could give back to her. I should have died right here on the shore of Mirror Lake, but I didn’t. And as it turns out, my frantic call went through, but the 911 operator thought my pleas for help were some kind of sick prank. It took them hours to actually reach me, and by the time they showed up, Kyle was long gone. Unlike before, when people had died at Mirror Lake and the whole thing had been hushed up, the media turned its full attention to me in the aftermath of what people were calling a real-life sequel to The Curse of Camp Mirror Lake. I was the final girl, and there wasn’t any way to get away from the photographers and the journalists looking for a good spin on the tragedy that had unfolded here. They wanted me to talk about what it had been like to play dead for hours or what it had been like to realize the things unfolding at Camp Mirror Lake were so much worse than the events Charity and the staff had re-created as part of the terror simulation. That’s how it went for months. It wasn’t until the following summer that things seemed to calm down. The press was on to the next, more interesting thing, and all I was left with was the grief and the sadness and the scars. Paige, in her obsession with slasher films, had always talked to me about the rules. She was the one who seemed to know how that night, exactly one year ago, would go. It was her voice that drove Charity and me to make the decisions we did. It’s her voice I hear now as I sit at the edge of Mirror Lake in the dark. “The final act is never really the end,” she said to me and Charity once as we watched the original Friday the 13th under a pile of blankets on a chilly Halloween night when we were about thirteen. “There’s always a twist, but it only works if you don’t see it coming.” I watched the whole movie through my fingers, and when Jason Voorhees’s mother had her head removed by that movie’s final girl, I breathed a sigh of relief. Paige smiled at me and told me to keep my eyes on the screen. I almost choked on a piece of pizza when Jason’s decomposing corpse reappeared from the depths of Crystal Lake. As I sit here