in the wrong, or at least unexpected, order. Shouldn’t he have been home with me before now? But unlike his home, mine was so far away, and so hard to get back to, even when I wanted to go. My parents were waiting for us on the other side of the security doors. “You made it!” Mom said, as she always did when I landed. She meant you made it through your flights, and also you made it through however long it’s been since your last visit. She looked much the same as she had the last time I’d seen her, though her hair, once copper-red, now reddish-brown, was growing out from the pixie cut she’d had at my wedding. It was my father that I surveyed with an anxiety I tried not to let on. His dark hair had gone gray years ago, like that of all the men in his family, and his blue eyes were alight with happiness as my parents tackled us with hugs, but did he look more careworn than he had the last time we’d seen him? Before this trip, Mom told me that he’d been experiencing some health problems, “complications” from his diabetes—I thought she had mentioned his thyroid, too—but at first glance he seemed all right, steady on his feet as we moved toward the airport’s only baggage carousel. Anyone looking at our group might have assumed that Dan was my parents’ child. Not that he looked much like either of them with his mother’s thick dark hair and easy grin, though at a hair under six feet, he was exactly my dad’s height—it was just that I looked nothing like any of them. I made my habitual survey of the room as we waited for our suitcases. As I’d expected, I was the only Asian in sight. * * * “The Jesuit missionaries didn’t only see themselves as bringing the Catholic faith to Indigenous people, but ‘civilizing’ them. What does that really mean, to ‘civilize’ someone?” our professor asked, looking around the seminar table. After a pause, I said, “To make them more like you.” I was the only freshman in a roomful of upperclassmen, and still found the rapid-fire discussion somewhat intimidating; my papers were well written, the professor had told me, but I should learn to speak up more often in class. Now he nodded at me, and I thought I read a trace of approval in the half smile accompanying his “yes.” In another class, the professor asked each of us to share where we were from. When I told her, assuming that the history of my home state would be largely irrelevant to our discussion of Jim Crow laws, she exclaimed, “Oregon! Speaking of racism,” and launched into a mini-lecture on the state’s founding as a racist white utopia. “Haven’t you ever wondered why Oregon is so white?” she asked. I had not. I loved history, even before I decided to major in it; I’d paid attention during social studies lessons and school field trips, and watched history documentaries