like I could cut you out of me, and instead, I just see everywhere you’re supposed to be.” I stare at him, heart cracking open under the weight of what I’m feeling. “Please say something,” he whispers. My eyes fill. My throat fills. I drop my face into my hands again. “I thought you didn’t want me,” I choke out, “so I tried. I tried to love somebody else. I tried to even like somebody else. I kissed someone else. I slept with someone else, but I couldn’t stop feeling like I was yours.” My eyes tighten against another wave of tears. “Like you’re mine.” “Harriet.” He tilts my face up. “Look at me.” He waits. “Please, Harriet.” It takes a few seconds to force my eyes open. Water droplets still cling to his brows. Rivulets race down his jaw and throat. His thumb grazes my cheekbone. “I am,” he says. “I am still yours.” The nail that has been driving closer and closer to my heart all week sinks home. The pads of his fingers slide across my bottom lip. His eyes are so soft, every ginger touch pushing back another layer from my heart. But does it even matter that we belong to each other when we can’t be with each other? Our lives are immovably separate. Everything may look different than it did ten minutes ago, but nothing’s changed. He’s mine, but I can’t have him. My hands tangle in his wet hair, as if that can keep him here with me. His do the same to mine. “What is this?” he whispers. I want it to be an I’m sorry and an I forgive you and a Promise you won’t ever let me go and a million other words I can’t say. Wyn’s finally happy. He has the life that was meant for him. He has a career he’s proud of, one predicated on his being in Montana, and even if he didn’t, there’s Gloria, who needs him. The time with her that he needs, time he missed with Hank. And I’m in California for at least a few more years, too deep in to back out but not so far into the tunnel as to see the light at its end. Maybe, in another life, things could be different. In this one, this can be only one thing. “I think,” I say, “it’s one last I love you.” His fingers tighten on me, his breath stilling. And then, like he’s answering a question, his lungs expand on an inhale and his lips meet mine. When I let out a shaky breath, his tongue slips into my mouth. The taste of him reaches deep and loosens something I’ve spent months tying into knots. Need stretches out in every direction, waking up my skin, nerves, blood. Wyn angles my face up, deepening the kiss, and his tongue sweeps mine, hungry, tender. A whimper rises out of me. His hand spreads across my stomach, finding its way several inches up beneath my shirt, and my spine arcs into him, every