Daimler. Vast and rumbling gently. She longed to keep hold of his hand, not let go. But she repressed this. Too soon. Not safe. Nothing was settled. “I’m taking myself out of circulation for a while,” she said stolidly. She withdrew her hand from his, denying herself the comfort of it. “But I’ll let you know.” * * * Outside the post office, Alice saw the newspapers tied up with string, stacked on the pavement. They were all carrying the same story, the one that grew wilder by the day: the greatest robbery of the age, the biggest search in history... She glanced over her shoulder. She half expected to glimpse a man waiting for her at the end of the lane. Her nostrils were flared and ready, searching for an unsettling hint of gardenias. No one there. She entered the post office. It cost a lot of money to send a postcard to Florence. It cost even more to wire a large sum to a foreign bank. She chose the one opposite the Grand Hotel. “No message,” she said. “No need.” She felt lighter once it was done. She felt free. Alice met her sister the next morning, at dawn, five minutes from the Mile End Road. The light was creeping up, birds sounding their chorus. The cemetery smelled fresh, clean, not grim at all. Mrs. King came in a white dress, not black or navy. She looked strangely loose, untethered, hair swept over her shoulders. There was a fierce color in her cheeks. Alice wondered if she’d been out all night, just walking. “Where is it?” Mrs. King said. Alice took her to the grave. She adjusted her crucifix. “It’s very peaceful, isn’t it?” “Don’t be morbid, Alice.” Alice put her hands in her pockets. “Want a moment by yourself?” “Yes.” Mrs. King stood there for a long time, staring down at the tombstone. The breeze pulled on her skirts and from a distance it made her appear almost small, like a little girl. Alice had to turn away. Afterward they walked together through the graves. “I’m going abroad,” Alice said. “Good,” said Mrs. King. There was a calmness about her. “I might need to do the same.” “I mean, really abroad. To America, if I can manage it. To take in the latest fashions.” “You can manage it.” Mrs. King looked at her seriously. “You can do anything you like.” Alice considered very carefully what she wanted to say. “I wish Mother had been able to see the ocean,” she said. “I wish she’d been able to do anything at all.” The thought carried its own pain: dull, right in the center of the chest, immovable. Mrs. King nodded, lips pressed together. Evidently, she felt it, too. “Shall we write to one another?” Alice said. Mrs. King stopped. Straightened her cuffs. “Would you like that?” Alice laughed, feeling her nerves. “I don’t know. We’re family. I suppose we ought to be in touch.” Mrs. King reached out and touched her on the arm. “Write if you want to,” she