and the blur I saw at the window. Since Archie, Mrs. Baker, and even Lenora suggested the wind, that makes it the likeliest culprit. They know Hope’s End better than I do. Similarly, the blur at the window could have been a trick of the moonlight on the glass. As for the shadow at the door, it might have been caused by clouds scudding in front of the moon, momentarily blocking its light. A plane or large bird could have done the same thing. Considering the sad state of the house, it’s even more likely that a loose shutter or a broken drainpipe was the cause. I turn around and face the back of the mansion, its three formidable stories looming over me. Taking care not to lose my balance, I lean against the railing and scan the exterior. Nothing appears to be out of place around Lenora’s windows. There’s certainly no shutter swinging in the breeze or slanted drainpipe bobbing from the roofline. But there are plenty of birds. Seagulls whirl overhead before diving to the water, lured by sand crabs left exposed by low tide. I rotate and look down at the strip of sand between the water and base of the cliff. Smooth waves calmly collapse against the shore, pushing foamy water around the rocks jutting from the sand. I lean forward and look closer, realizing I’m mistaken. Those aren’t rocks rising out of the wet sand. They’re something else. A hand. A foot. A head. Humped beneath the sand is the corpse they’re attached to. And even before I begin to scream, I know with dreadful certainty that I’m looking at the body of Mary Milton. EIGHTEEN I’m in the sunroom, although there’s no sun to be found. Outside, the sky is streaked with dark clouds that rolled in not long after I found Mary’s body. It makes everything gray and oppressive, as if the gathering storm is pressing against the house, trying to force its way in. Joining me in this gloom is the last person I want to see. Detective Vick. He sits in the same dusty love seat Mrs. Baker occupied the day I arrived, looking rumpled and not pleased to be here. Or with me. The feeling is mutual. I tense up in his presence. An ingrained reaction. The result is a clash of emotions—disbelief, sorrow, and bone-deep unease that Detective Vick has come not to ask about Mary but to finally arrest me. “Well, Kit,” he says, “I sure am surprised to see you.” I yank the hem of my uniform, trying to tug it an inch or so closer to my knees. I’m cold, thanks to a chill that’s clung to me since the moment I realized I was looking at Mary Milton’s corpse. It’s shock, I know, exacerbated by the fact that I’m talking to the man who wanted to throw me in jail. “Surprised I’m at Hope’s End?” I say. “Or surprised I’m still allowed to work after you accused me of murder?” The detective sighs. “This doesn’t need to