shifted uncomfortably and wondered if he noticed. Remaut swirled over the creamy back of the envelope in Gabe’s lap. A small flower was drawn next to the t. “Alie,” he said quietly. Lore took the envelope from him and ripped it open. A simple white page, with words written in the same flourishing hand as Gabe’s surname. A laugh tickled at the back of Lore’s throat. “A reminder about that croquet game. It’s today, after lunch.” She glanced at the window, lit with midday glow. “Which is probably right about now.” Gabe was already shaking his head, but Lore straightened her spine with new resolve. “We’re going.” “Do you even know how to play croquet?” “No, but you can teach me, can’t you?” Her eyes felt gummy, her stomach sour from days of no rest followed by too much of it. Lore needed out of these apartments. It also sounded nice to pretend at normality for a while, and a croquet game was probably as close as she was going to get. Grimacing, Gabe rubbed at his eye. “I was rather good at it, once.” He stood, offered her his hand. She took it and let him haul her up. He let go as soon as she was upright, too quick to be casual. Things between them seemed mostly steady, now that they’d decided on a course of action, but all that heat still shimmered right out of reach, embers waiting for the right breath of air. Lore dressed quickly, in a lavender gown with a high waist and sleeves that covered only her shoulders. The skirt was long and full, but not as much as some she’d seen the courtiers wear—she was in no danger of taking up the entire width of a hallway. She had no idea what appropriate clothing was for a croquet game, but this would have to do. Her hair she frowned at for a moment before partially braiding it in a crown around her head, leaving the rest of it down. Its color wavered between brown and gold, most days, but the gentle shade of her dress made it look darker. A pause, then she pinched at her cheeks, bit her lips to coax some color into them. She told herself it had nothing to do with Gabe, and absolutely nothing to do with the chance of seeing Bastian. Gabe was dressed when she came out of her room. Wordlessly, he offered her his arm. She took it. They marched down the hall like they were headed to a sentencing. Lore had grown used to the crosshatched iron bars set into the floors, so much so that she barely noticed them anymore. But after last night, the bars stood out again, incongruous and dark. A reminder that things like her did not belong here. The lunch spread was in the same place as the day before, on a massive table groaning beneath the weight of pastries and hundreds of tiny sandwiches. Alie lingered with a knot of other courtiers, her cloud-pale hair making her easy to